

Epirrhoe tristata, the small argent and sable, is a moth of the genus Epirrhoe in the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Carl Linnaeus in his 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae.

Semri Bazyaft is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is in the Huzur tehsil and the Phanda block.

Scott Reynolds may refer to:

Scott Reynolds (singer), punk rock vocalist with the band All from 1989-1993
Scott Reynolds (writer), television writer

Ahsoka may refer to:

Ahsoka Tano, a character in the Star Wars universe
Ahsoka (novel), a 2016 novel centered on the character
Ahsoka (TV series), a 2023 live-action television series centered on the character

Shaandaar (transl. Resplendent) is a 1974 Indian Hindi-language drama film directed by Krishnan–Panju. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Sharmila Tagore, and Vinod Mehra. A remake of the 1971 Kannada film Kasturi Nivasa, it focuses on Rajan, who incurs losses as Chander, a man he helped, prospers. The film was released on 22 September 1974.

Stadium Village station is a light rail station on the Green Line on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis. Located in the Stadium Village area, it lies east of 23rd Avenue Southeast between University Avenue and 4th Street, across the road from Huntington Bank Stadium. East of the station, the rail line parallels the U of M Transitway until 29th Street SE, where it turns to enter Prospect Park station.

The Dubai British School, Jumeirah Park is an independent international school in Jumeriah Park, Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates. Opened in 2015, the school is managed by Taaleem, one of the largest education providers in the Middle East.
The school is open to students from 5 to 18 years of age.

The Battle of Gori was a battle between Kingdom of Kartli and the Ottoman Empire at Gori. After the siege, which lasted for nine months, the battle ended with the Georgian victory.
Lua is a lightweight, high-level, multi-paradigm programming language designed mainly for embedded use in applications. Lua is cross-platform software, since the interpreter of compiled bytecode is written in ANSI C, and Lua has a relatively simple C application programming interface (API) to embed it into applications.

Ian Kirby (born 1945) is a former president of the Botswana Court of Appeal and a former Attorney General of Botswana.

The rider optimization algorithm (ROA) is devised based on a novel computing method, namely fictional computing that undergoes series of process to solve the issues of optimizations using imaginary facts and notions. ROA relies on the groups of rider that struggle to reach the target. ROA employs rider groups that take a trip to reach common target in order to become winner. In ROA, the count of groups is four wherein equal riders are placed.
The four groups adapted in ROA are attacker, overtaker, follower, and bypass rider. Each group undergoes series of strategy to attain the target. The goal of bypass rider is to attain target by bypassing leader's path. The follower tries to follow the position of leader in axis. Furthermore, the follower employs multidirectional search space considering leading rider, which is useful for algorithm as it improves convergence rate. The overtaker undergoes its own position to attain target considering nearby locations of leader. The benefit of overtaker is that it facilitates faster convergence with huge global neighbourhood. As per ROA, the global optimal convergence is function of overtaker, whose position relies on the position of the leader, success rate, and directional indicator. The attacker adapts position of leader to accomplish destination by using its utmost speed. Moreover, it is responsible for initializing the multidirectional search using fast search for accelerating search speed.
Despite the riders undergoes a specific method, the major factors employed for reaching the target are correct riding of vehicles and proper management of accelerator, steering, brake and gear. At each time instance, the riders alter its position towards target by regulating these factors and follow the prescribed method using current success rate. The leader is defined using the success rate at current instance. The process is repeated till the riders go into off time that is maximal instant provided to riders to attain intended location. After reaching off time, the rider at leading position is termed winner.

Ho-Kau Chan (Chinese: 陳好逑; 1932 – 23 July 2021) was a Hong Kong actress and Cantonese opera singer. She was credited with over 130 films.



Vittorio Leonardi (born 2 January 1977) is a South African comedian and actor. As a comedian, he has performed as a member of Joe Parker's Comedy Express, as well as performing improvisational theatre with Joe Parker's Improv Express, and has appeared on stages in Witbank, Pretoria, Johannesburg, Vereeniging, Bloemfontein, Kimberley, Pietermaritzburg, Durban and Cape Town. In television, he has appeared in the Laugh Out Loud (2005) series as part of the team that pranked South African comedian and show host Jeremy Mansfield, and as a shady gun dealer on the show One Way (2006).
Leonardi appeared in the 2007 New York Underground Comedy Festival.
In 2008, he received nominations in the Acappella Comedy Industry Awards, and received the Trusty Steed Award for the most reliable and dependable comic, and the Scribe Award for fastest turnaround of new material.
In May 2009, he became the head writer for and one of the performers in the political satire show, The Last Say on Sunday, hosted by Darren Maule, and aired on SABC 3.
Also in 2009, he appeared in the Academy Award-nominated science-fiction movie District 9.
In January 2011 he became a script writer for SABC 1's popular celebrity gossip show The Real Goboza Reloaded.
In 2012, Vittorio penned a one man show entitled Vittorio's Secret, which was first performed at the National Arts Festival in Grahamstown. In the same year he was nominated for a Comics Choice Award in the Times Comic Pen Award Category.

Thelonious Sphere Monk (1917–1982) was an American jazz pianist.
Thelonious Sphere Monk or Thelonious Monk may also refer to:

T. S. Monk or Thelonious Sphere Monk III (born 1949), son of Thelonious Monk
Thelonious Sphere Monk: Dreaming of the Masters Series Vol. 2, a 1991 tribute album
Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz, a Washington, D.C. charity established 1986

The International Business Times is an American online newspaper that publishes five national editions in four languages. The publication, sometimes called IBTimes or IBT, offers news, opinion and editorial commentary on business and commerce. IBT is one of the world's largest online news sources, receiving forty million unique visitors each month. Its 2013 revenues were around $21 million. As of January 2022, IBTimes editions include Australia, India, International, Singapore, U.K. and U.S.
IBTimes was launched in 2005; it is owned by IBT Media, and was founded by Etienne Uzac and Johnathan Davis, two followers of David Jang who also has a relationship to IBT and Newsweek. Its headquarters are in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City.
In 2013, it bought the struggling Newsweek magazine from Barry Diller.



Herning Messecenter station is a railway halt in the western part of the city of Herning in Jutland, Denmark. The station serves the exhibition centre and entertainment complex of Messecenter Herning in the western part of Herning.
Herning Messecenter railway halt is located on the Skanderborg–Skjern line, and opened in 1997. It offers direct regional train services to Herning, Aarhus, and Skjern operated by Arriva.

The Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme is a mid-size car produced by Oldsmobile between 1966 and 1997. It was positioned as a premium offering at the top of the Cutlass range. It began as a trim package, developed its own roofline, and rose during the mid-1970s to become not only the most popular Oldsmobile but the highest selling model in its class.
It was produced as a rear-wheel drive two-door hardtop, sedan, and station wagon into the 1980s, and a convertible through 1972.  In 1988 Oldsmobile sought to capitalize on the brand equity of the Cutlass Supreme marque by replacing it with a downsized front-wheel drive model based on the GM10 platform W-platform.
When production ended there was no direct replacement for the Cutlass Supreme, although the Intrigue introduced for 1998 was designed in size and price to replace all the Cutlass models.

Abeno Shogaku High School (あべの翔学高等学校, Abeno Shōgaku Kōtōgakkō) is a private coeducational senior high school in Abeno-ku, Osaka, Japan.
It was formerly Osaka Girls' Senior High School (大阪女子高等学校, Ōsaka Joshi Kōtōgakkō, OGSHS) but later became coeducational.

The New York Lincoln Giants were a Negro league baseball team based in New York City from 1911 through 1930.

Albert William Burch (October 7, 1883 – October 5, 1926) was an American professional baseball player who played outfield from 1906 to 1911 for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Brooklyn Dodgers.
In 611 games over six seasons, Burch posted a .254 batting average (554-for-2185) with 254 runs, 48 doubles, 20 triples, 4 home runs, 103 RBIs, 96 stolen bases, 186 bases on balls, .312 on-base percentage and .299 slugging percentage. He finished his career with a .953 fielding percentage playing at all three outfield positions and first and second base.

Saint-Derrien (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ dɛʁjɛ̃]; Breton: Sant-Derc'hen) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.

Maniac (also known as The Maniac) is a 1963 British psychological thriller film directed by Michael Carreras and starring Kerwin Mathews, Nadia Gray and Donald Houston.

Lightweighting is a concept in the auto industry about building cars and trucks that are less heavy as a way to achieve better fuel efficiency, battery range, acceleration, braking and handling. In addition, lighter vehicles can tow and haul larger loads because the engine is not carrying unnecessary weight. Excessive vehicle weight is also a contributing factor to particulate emissions from tyre and brake wear.
Carmakers make body structure parts from aluminium sheet, aluminium extrusions,press hardening steel, carbon fibers, windshields from plastic, and bumpers out of aluminum foam, as ways to lessen vehicle load. Replacing car parts with lighter materials does not lessen overall safety for drivers, according to one view, since many grades of aluminium and plastics have a high strength-to-weight ratio; and aluminum has high energy absorption properties for its weight.

The search to replace car parts with lighter ones is not limited to any one type of part; according to a spokesman for Ford Motor Company, engineers strive for lightweighting "anywhere we can." Using lightweight materials such as plastics, high strength steels and aluminium can mean less strain on the engine and better gas mileage as well as improved handling. One material sometimes used to reduce weight for structures that can accept the cost premium is carbon fiber. The auto industry has used the term for many years, as the effort to keep making cars lighter is ongoing.
Another common material used for lightweighting is aluminum. Incorporating aluminum has grown continuously to not only meet CAFE standards but to also improve automotive performance.  A light
weighting magazine finds: "Even though aluminum is light, it does not sacrifice strength. Aluminum body structure is equal in strength to steel and can absorb twice as much crash-induced energy." The use of aluminium for lightweighting can be limited for the higher strength grades by their low formability - and in response to this forming challenge new techniques such as roll forming and hot forming (Hot Form Quench) have been introduced in recent years.
Many other materials are used to meet lightweighting goals. Cost of lightweighting, and increasingly sustainability of materials, is becoming an issue in solution selection - with the viable cost increase of a part per kilogram saved being between $5 and $15, depending on the price point and performance needs of the vehicle.

The 2013 Boston Breakers season, is the club's eighth overall year of existence, fourth consecutive year, and first year as a member of the National Women's Soccer League.

The Bavarian football league system of the Bavarian Football Association ranks within the German football league system. Its highest division, the Regionalliga Bayern, is currently the fourth tier of German football. The lowest league in Bavaria is currently the C-Klasse, which is the 12th tier of German football.
In 2012, the league system experienced a major overhaul when the Regionalliga Bayern was established, the Bayernliga split into two regional divisions and the Landesliga expanded from three to five divisions.

John Hedworth (10 July 1683 – 31 May 1747), of Chester Deanery, Durham, was a British colliery owner and politician who sat in the House of Commons for 34 years from 1713 to 1747.

Karla Marie Gray (May 10, 1947 – February 19, 2017) was an American attorney and judge who served as the chief justice of the Montana Supreme Court; she was the first woman to serve as Chief Justice and to be elected to the Montana Supreme Court.

"Shot at the Night" is a song by American rock band The Killers. The song serves as the lead single from the band's second compilation album, Direct Hits. The track was unveiled on September 16, 2013, the tenth anniversary of the band's first London show, and sent immediately to mainstream radio.

The Chase CG-14, also known as the G-14 or Model MS.1, was an assault glider manufactured by Chase Aircraft for the United States Army Air Forces during the Second World War. The aircraft failed to progress beyond the prototype stage, being overtaken by larger, improved glider designs.

myGovID is a software application designed to be a centralised method of authentication for users of government websites and services in Australia. The app, developed by the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) and Digital Transformation Agency, first launched in October 2019, with a public beta being performed earlier that year in June. myGovID was created to unify the various authentication methods employed by departments across federal and local governments, most notably AUSKey. The app allows users to verify their identity using biometrics such as fingerprints or facial recognition.
As of January 2024, the MyGovID app has a 1.6 star rating on the Apple App Store and a 2.3 star rating on the Google Play Store. Common issues raised include a low standard for proof of identity, an ability to register multiple accounts under the same identity, a refusal to recognise government-issued IDs, an inability to change most details, and inadequate functionality.
On 1 April 2020, the ATO disabled its legacy AUSKey and "Manage ABN Connections" login methods in favour of myGovID. The subsequent traffic spike caused minor outages during the day.

"Amico è" is a 1983 song composed by Dario Baldan Bembo (music), Nini Giacomelli and  Sergio Bardotti (lyrics), and performed by Baldan Bembo and Caterina Caselli.
A hymn to friendship, "Amico è" was the ending theme song of the Mike Bongiorno's quiz show SuperFlash. The song was also linked to a contest organized by the magazine TV Sorrisi e Canzoni, in which the readers should have identified four popular singers hidden among the choirs; in the last episode of the television show it was revealed they were Pupo, Ornella Vanoni, Giuni Russo and Gigliola Cinquetti.
Outside its immediate success, later the song became a widely spread football chant.
In the 1982 album Spirito della Terra, Baldan Bembo included a different version of the song titled "Falò" and featuring Riccardo Fogli and Marcella Bella. The song was also covered by numerous artists, including Kikki Danielsson and Kjell Roos in a Swedish version titled "Vem går med dig hem" and Celine Dion in a French version titled "Hymne à l'amitié".

PaRappa Rappa, otherwise known as just PaRappa, is a fictional character created by Japanese musician Masaya Matsuura and American artist Rodney Greenblat. PaRappa first appears as the title character of the 1996 rhythm video game PaRappa the Rapper, developed by NanaOn-Sha for Sony Interactive Entertainment's PlayStation console.
Within the series, PaRappa is depicted as a paper-thin two-dimensional anthropomorphic dog with wholesome personality traits and is enthusiastic about rap music. Matsuura came up with the character's musical style and cut-out visual concept, whereas Greenblat is responsible for the character's final appearance and art style, which is similar to his prior children's books and CD-ROM projects.
After 1996's PaRappa the Rapper met with significant commercial success and critical acclaim, PaRappa was for a time considered to be a mascot for the fledging PlayStation brand in its native Japan. PaRappa's popularity spawned a media franchise that included the 1999 spin-off title Um Jammer Lammy, the 2001 sequel PaRappa the Rapper 2, and a number of media adaptations outside of video games. The character is generally well received by critics in retrospective assessments and is often cited as one of the most memorable video game characters associated with the PlayStation brand.

State Fair Coliseum may refer to:

Fair Park Coliseum (Dallas, Texas)
Indiana Farmers Coliseum, formerly known as State Fair Coliseum
Lee & Rose Warner Coliseum, formerly known as Minnesota State Fair Coliseum
Michigan State Fairgrounds Coliseum, hosts the Michigan State Fair
Oklahoma State Fair Arena, formerly known as State Fair Coliseum
State Fair Coliseum (Syracuse, New York), former arena of the Syracuse Nationals

The 2009–10 New Jersey Nets season was the 43rd season of the franchise, 34th in the National Basketball Association (NBA). This was the team's final season at the Izod Center. With a loss to the Dallas Mavericks on December 2, 2009, the Nets became the first team in NBA history to start the season 0–18. The Nets got their first win of the season at home against the Charlotte Bobcats on December 4, 2009. With a loss to the Houston Rockets on December 26, 2009, the Nets became the sixth team in NBA history to lose 28 of its first 30 games, tying the worst 30-game record in NBA history. With a loss to the Utah Jazz on January 23, 2010, the Nets became the third team in NBA history to lose 40 of its first 43 games, tying the worst three-win record in NBA history. On February 6, the Nets lost to the Detroit Pistons, falling to 4–46 and tying the record for the worst 50-game record in the history of the three major sports (NBA, MLB, NHL) that play seasons that long.



The Kudumbur River is a river that flows mainly through the Kasaragod district of the Indian state of Kerala, although its source and some early sections are in the Kodagu and Dakshina Kannada districts of Karnataka. It is the largest tributary of the Payaswini River.



Neoneuromus is a genus of dobsonfly endemic to the Indomalayan realm with 13 species. The larvae breed in montane streams. Adults are large with a forewing of 43 to 68 mm length and the body is yellow to red or brown with black marks on the head and pronotum. The wings are marked in dark patterning in the membrane and along the veins. They are closely related to Nevromus from which they are separated by the attenuation of the ninth sternum with an incised tip.
Species in the genus include:

Neoneuromus indistinctus Liu, Hayashi & Yang, 2018
Neoneuromus maculatus Liu, Hayashi & Yang, 2018
Neoneuromus niger Liu, Hayashi & Yang, 2018
Neoneuromus similis Liu, Hayashi & Yang, 2018
Neoneuromus vanderweelei Liu, Hayashi & Yang, 2018
Neoneuromus coomani Lestage, 1927
Neoneuromus orientalis Liu & Yang, 2004
Neoneuromus tonkinensis (van der Weele, 1907)
Neoneuromus fenestralis (McLachlan, 1869)
Neoneuromus ignobilis (Navás, 1932)
Neoneuromus latratus (McLachlan, 1869)
Neoneuromus sikkimmensis (van der Weele, 1907)
Neoneuromus maclachlani (van der Weele, 1907)

Muzej revolucije (transl. Museum of the Revolution) is the ninth studio album by Bosnian rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje, released through Hayat Production in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia Records in Croatia, Vijesti in Montenegro, and Long Play in Serbia, on November 7, 2009. It was released on the 92nd anniversary of the October Revolution.

Whitesell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Josh Whitesell (born 1982), American major league baseball player
Patrick Whitesell (born 1965), American talent agent and co-CEO of WME Entertainment
Sean Whitesell (1963–2015), American film and television actor
Brian Whitesell (born 1964), American auto racing team manager
Christopher Whitesell, American television soap opera writer
Jim Whitesell (born 1959),  American college basketball coach
John Whitesell, American television and film director

Los Angeles temple may refer to:

Thien Hau Temple (Los Angeles) - a Chinese temple located in Los Angeles's Chinatown in California, dedicated to the ocean goddess Mazu.
Senshin Buddhist Temple - a Buddhist temple in Los Angeles, California, affiliated with the Buddhist Churches of America (BCA).
Koyasan Buddhist Temple - a Japanese Buddhist temple in the Little Tokyo district of Downtown Los Angeles, California.
Los Angeles California Temple - the tenth operating and the second-largest temple operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
St. Louis Jain temple - a historic structure that was constructed for the 1904 St. Louis World's fairs, now standing within the Jain Center of Southern California in Los Angeles.
Amica Temple of Radiance - a new religious movement begun in 1959 in Los Angeles by Roland Hunt and Dorothy Bailey.
Angelus Temple - a Pentecostal megachurch of the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel in the Echo Park district of Los Angeles, California.
Jewish Temples in the Los Angeles metro area:
Temple Beth Am (Los Angeles, California)
Temple Israel of Hollywood
Sephardic Temple Tifereth Israel
Sinai Temple (Los Angeles)
Stephen S. Wise Temple
Temple Beth Israel of Highland Park and Eagle Rock
Wilshire Boulevard Temple

Super Robot Wars Alpha Gaiden (スーパーロボット大戦α外伝, Sūpā Robotto Taisen Arufa Gaiden), or simply, Alpha Gaiden, is a video game for the PlayStation, first released in Japan in 2001. It is the first side-story in the Super Robot Wars Alpha series, continuing from Super Robot Wars Alpha. The characters of After War Gundam X, Turn A Gundam, and Combat Mecha Xabungle make debut appearances in the game.

Alexander Eiban (born 5 May 1994) is a German association football goalkeeper.

Chan Chin-wei and Caroline Garcia were the defending champions, having won the event in 2012, but Garcia decided not to participate. Chan partnered up with Hsu Wen-hsin but lost in the semifinals.
Lesley Kerkhove and Arantxa Rus won the title, defeating Chen Yi and Luksika Kumkhum in the final, 6–4, 2–6, [14–12].

Dausset may refer to:

Lee C. Taddonio (born October 21, 1940) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.

Politics of memory is the organisation of collective memory by political agents; the political means by which events are remembered and recorded, or discarded. Eventually, politics of memory may determine the way history is written and passed on, hence the terms history politics or politics of history. The politics of history is the effects of political influence on the representation or study of historical topics, commonly associated with the totalitarian state which use propaganda and other means to impose a specific version of history with the goal of eliminating competing perspectives about the past. In order to achieve this goal, memory regimes resort to different means such as narrating (the construction of a seemingly coherent narrative), strategic silencing (the masking-out of historical facts that contradict one's own interpretation), performing (ritualized forms of reifying the narrative) or renaming/remapping (inscribing the narrative into the monumental and toponymic landscape).
Nevertheless, the term is contested and there is no common agreement on its meaning which is often a matter of contextual use. Some authors have suggested that memory debates can be ordered by an Ethics of Political Commemoration, a framework similar to Just War theory.
Memories are also influenced by cultural forces, e.g. popular culture, as well as social norms. It has also been connected with the construction of identity.

Saint-Louet-sur-Vire (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ lwɛ syʁ viʁ], literally Saint-Louet on Vire) is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.

Big Budget was a British comic and story paper which ran weekly from 1897 until 1909.

The Three Musketeers (Spanish: Los tres mosqueteros) is a 1942 Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and starring Cantinflas. It is based on the 1844 novel of the same name by Alexandre Dumas.

Richard Hope may refer to:

Richard Hope (actor), British actor
Richard Hope (footballer) (born 1978), English footballer
Dick Hope, Scottish footballer

Sligo Borough may refer to:

Sligo a town in Ireland and until 2001 a borough
Sligo Borough (Parliament of Ireland constituency)
Sligo Borough (UK Parliament constituency)

The paradox of value  (also known as the diamond–water paradox) is the paradox that, although water is on the whole more useful, in terms of survival, than diamonds, diamonds command a higher price in the market. The philosopher Adam Smith is often considered to be the classic presenter of this paradox, although it had already appeared as early as Plato's Euthydemus.  Nicolaus Copernicus, John Locke, John Law and others had previously tried to explain the disparity.

Marvin Oliver is a Trinidadian association football player who played professionally in the United States and Trinidad.
On August 5, 1997, Oliver signed with the Staten Island Vipers of the USISL A-League.  In 1998, he was Second Team All League.  In 2000, he moved to the Broward County Wolfpack of the Premier Development League.  In 2002, Oliver played for the Lauderhill Lions in the amateur Gold Coast Soccer League, moving to Uruguay SC of the same league in 2003.  By 2005, Oliver was in Trinidad with Crab Connection.  He began the 2006 season with the North East Stars, but was back with Crab Connection by the end of the season.  In 2007, Oliver signed with Caledonia AIA before moving to San Juan Jabloteh in 2008.  In 2013, he played for Central FC.

Daniah Hagul (born 7 February 1999) is a Libyan swimmer. She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. She was the only woman to compete for Libya at the 2016 Olympics.

Daniel O. Theno (born May 8, 1947) was an American politician and educator.
Born in Ashland, Wisconsin, Theno graduated with a BS from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1969. He spent his senior year teaching at the University of Rio Grade do Sol in Porto Alegre, Brazil, under a university fellowship. He taught agriculture. Theno won a special election to the Wisconsin State Senate in 1972 from the 25th District of northern Wisconsin, defeating Ernest J. Korpela. He was re-elected in 1974, 1978, and 1982. In April 1986, Theno was elected mayor of Ashland, Wisconsin.

The 1876 Horsham by-election was held on 29 February 1876.  The by-election was fought due to the previous by-election being declared void.  This had resulted in the election of the Liberal MP Robert Henry Hurst (junior).
The Conservative candidate, Sir Hardinge Giffard, had been appointed as Solicitor General the year before, although he had not yet got a seat in the Commons.   It was won by the Liberal candidate James Clifton Brown.

Kwatay (Kuwaataay) is a divergent Jola language of Senegal.
The Diembereng dialect is spoken on a southern coastal island of the same name, located in the Casamance River delta. A person is referred to as a-jɛmbɛrɛŋ or a-waat, and people are referred to as ɛ-waat. Their territory is known as juwaat. The language is called ɛlɔp ɛjɛmbɛrɛŋay and bahamin buwaatay, where ɛlɔp and presumably bahamin mean 'language'.

X-Force is a team of superheroes published in American comic books by Marvel Comics. Over the decades, X-Force have featured a rotating line up composed of large number of mutant characters.
Notations:

A slash (/) between codenames, indicates the character having multiple names during their tenure of X-Force in chronological order.
Characters listed in bold are the current members of the teams as of 2024.
In case of multiple codenames, the currently used name is bolded.
Characters listed are set in the Earth-616 continuity except when noted.

The Rattlesnake Fire was a wildfire started by an arsonist on July 9, 1953, in Powder House Canyon on the Mendocino National Forest in northern California. The wildfire killed one Forest Service employee and 14 volunteer firefighters from the New Tribes Mission, and burned over 1,300 acres (530 ha) before it was controlled on July 11, 1953. It became and remains to this day a well-known firefighting textbook case on fatal wildland fires.



The Basilica of the Co-Cathedral of the Sacred Heart is a cathedral church and a minor basilica located in Charleston, West Virginia, United States.   Along with the Cathedral of St. Joseph in Wheeling it is the seat of the Catholic Diocese of Wheeling-Charleston.  The parish complex is a contributing property in the Downtown Charleston Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.



Cho Sung-hwan may refer to:

Cho Seong-hwan (independence activist) (born 1875), Korean independence activist
Cho Sung-hwan (cyclist) (born 1943), South Korean cyclist
Jo Sung-hwan (born 1970), South Korean football player and manager
Cho Sung-hwan (baseball) (born 1976), South Korean baseball player
Cho Sung-hwan (footballer, born 1982), South Korean football player
Cho Sung-hwan (footballer, born 1985), South Korean football player

Sally Clark (August 1964 – 15 March 2007) was an English solicitor who, in November 1999, became the victim of a miscarriage of justice when she was found guilty of the murder of her two infant sons. Clark's first son died in December 1996 within a few weeks of his birth, and her second son died in similar circumstances in January 1998. A month later, Clark was arrested and tried for both deaths. The defence argued that the children had died of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS). The prosecution case relied on flawed statistical evidence presented by paediatrician Roy Meadow, who testified that the chance of two children from an affluent family suffering SIDS was 1 in 73 million. He had arrived at this figure by squaring his estimate of a chance of 1 in 8500 of an individual SIDS death in similar circumstances. The Royal Statistical Society later issued a statement arguing that there was no statistical basis for Meadow's claim, and expressed concern at the "misuse of statistics in the courts".
Clark was convicted in November 1999. The convictions were upheld on appeal in October 2000, but overturned in a second appeal in January 2003, after it emerged that Alan Williams, the prosecution forensic pathologist who examined both babies, had failed to disclose microbiological reports that suggested her younger son had died of natural causes. Clark was released from prison having served more than three years of her sentence. Journalist Geoffrey Wansell called Clark's experience "one of the great miscarriages of justice in modern British legal history". As a result of her case, the Attorney General Lord Goldsmith ordered a review of hundreds of other cases, and two other women had their convictions overturned. Clark's experience caused her to develop severe psychiatric problems and she died in her home in March 2007 from alcohol poisoning.



Apnapan (transl. Kinship) is a 1977 Indian Hindi-language drama film, produced and directed by J. Om Prakash under the FILMYUG Pvt. Ltd. banner. It stars Sanjeev Kumar, Jeetendra, Reena Roy and Sulakshana Pandit, and has music composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal. The film is recorded as a Super Hit at the box office. This film was remade in Telugu as Illalu (1981).
Roy played a selfish gold-digger who abandons her husband and child, which garnered her critical acclaim and a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress. However, she rejected the award citing that she was among the film's protagonists and not supporting actors, thus becoming the second actress (after Vyjayanthimala for 1955's Devdas) to decline a Filmfare Award.

The James B. Hunt Jr. Library is the second main library of North Carolina State University (NCSU) and is located on the university's Centennial Campus. The $115 million facility opened in January 2013 and is best known for its architecture and technological integration, including a large robotic book storage and retrieval system which houses most of the university's engineering, textiles, and hard sciences collections. The library is named after James Baxter "Jim" Hunt Jr., the four-term 69th and 71st governor of North Carolina. NCSU Libraries is part of the Triangle Research Libraries Network (TRLN), which shares books between North Carolina State University, Duke University, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and North Carolina Central University.

Heinz Nowarra (1897–1945?) was a German chess master.
Nowarra tied for 4-6th in Berlin City Chess Championship in 1938 (Kurt Richter won), shared first with Berthold Koch and Paul Mross at Berlin 1938 (GER-ch qual), tied for 15-16th at Bad Oeynhausen 1938 (the fifth GER-ch, Erich Eliskases won), tied for 9-10th at Berlin 1939 (Franz Mölbitz won), and took 10th at Berlin 1940 (Efim Bogoljubow won),
During World War II, Nowarra played in several tournaments under the auspices of General Government (occupied central Poland). He finished fifth in 1941 (Dr Walcker won) and second, behind Mross, in 1942 in the Kraków City championships, tied for 10-12th at Kraków/Warsaw 1941 (the second General Government-ch, Alexander Alekhine and Paul Felix Schmidt won), tied for 7-8th at Krynica 1943 (the fourth GG-ch, Josef Lokvenc won), took seventh at Radom 1944 (the fifth GG-ch, Bogoljubow won), and finished fifth in Kraków in May 1944 (Rudolf Teschner won).
Nowarra took also part in correspondence chess tournaments. In December 1944, his game against Klaus Junge had to be declared a draw, when Junge left for the front. As Luděk Pachman wrote, Nowarra probably shared the fate of his opponent, who died in the final days of World War II. To this day, there is no news about the fate of Nowarra.

Tazanovdzhi is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.

The Wembley ice-cream factory in Triq D'Argens, Gżira, Malta was completed in 1937 by architect Antonio Grech Dimech. 
It was built for industrialist Luke V. Gauci, who in 1937 introduced pasteurized and pre-packed ice-cream in Malta under the brand name of Wembleys.
Edward Said described the factory as one of “the best examples of pre-war industrial architecture in Malta” due to the symmetrical façade which includes subtle features reflecting the eclectic style used in dwellings at the time. The pilasters which divide the façade are expressed in the Art Deco style, “give a sense of haute verticality to the squat two-storey building”. It stands very close to the iconic Muscats Motors building and across from the demolished Mira building (excavated to be developed as Metropolis high-rise). Said had called on the PA to schedule the building and protect it from suffering the same fate.
The Wembley ice-cream factory is on the Planning Authority's waiting-list of properties awaiting a decision on scheduling.
In March 2019 the Planning Authority accepted a redevelopment plan by Emil Bonello Ghio and architect Ray Demicoli into a seven-storey office block (with four underground parking levels). This was a downscaled revision of an earlier 18-floor high-rise application. The Planning Authority recommended a simpler design, with a distinct extension and no central element. The current façade will be dismantled and relocated to the centre of the new site. 



14 Squadron RNZAF is a squadron of the Royal New Zealand Air Force. In 2015 the squadron was re-raised and equipped with 11 Beechcraft T-6 Texan II. A new aerobatic display team called the Black Falcons was also formed using the new aircraft. They replaced the RNZAF display team known as the Red Checkers.

Nagare (流, flow) is an automotive design language created by Franz von Holzhausen and Laurens van den Acker for Mazda. Incorporated into a number of concept cars, starting with the car of the same name, the Nagare design lineup was intended as a showcase of what Mazda's cars may have looked like in 2020.
It was abandoned by Mazda in 2011 in favour of the Kodo design series, starting with their Shinari concept car.

The 1990 Conservative Party leadership election was called on 14 November 1990 following the decision of Michael Heseltine, former defence and environment secretary, to challenge Margaret Thatcher, the incumbent Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, for leadership of the Conservative Party.
In the months leading up to the election, Thatcher's position was slipping due to her increasingly divisive and confrontational approach in the United Kingdom. Her Community Charge had proven to be highly unpopular and resulted in widespread riots across the country, while her Euroscepticism had begun to become a detriment to the Conservatives. The economy, which was booming, had started to enter the early stages of a recession due to high inflation. The tipping point came in October when Thatcher infamously refused the European Community's plans for further integration, prompting her longest serving minister Geoffrey Howe to resign. Immediately following his resignation, Heseltine challenged Thatcher to a contest in November.
Thatcher failed to win outright on the first ballot, missing the threshold by just four votes, and was persuaded to withdraw from the second round of voting to avoid a potential defeat. She announced her pending resignation on 22 November 1990, ending more than fifteen years as Conservative leader on 27 November 1990 and eleven years as prime minister on 28 November 1990.

The Trinity Building, designed by Francis H. Kimball and built in 1905, with an addition of 1907,: 1  and Kimball's United States Realty Building of 1907,: 1  located respectively at 111 and 115 Broadway in Manhattan's Financial District, are among the first Gothic-inspired skyscrapers in New York, and both are New York City designated landmarks. The Trinity Building, adjacent to the churchyard of Richard Upjohn's neo-Gothic Trinity Church, replaced an 1853 Upjohn structure of the same name.: 3  Earlier, the Van Cortlandt sugar house stood on the west end of the plot – a notorious British prison where American soldiers were held during the Revolutionary War.

Claire Alanson Frye (May 10, 1899 – October 16, 1971) was a college football player.

Bramley is a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa. It is located in Region E of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality.

Damaskeening is decorative patterning on a watch movement.   The term damaskeening is used in America, while in Europe the terms used are Fausses Côtes, Côtes de Genève  or Geneva Stripes.  Such patterns are made from very fine scratches made by rose engine lathe using small disks, polishing wheels or ivory laps.  These patterns look similar to the results of a Spirograph or Guilloché engraving.
The earliest known damaskeened American watch movement is E. Howard & Company movement SN 1,105, a gold-flashed brass movement with a helical hairspring. In the period between 1862 and 1868, the same Boston firm damaskeened approximately 400 Model 1862-N (Series III) gold-flashed movements as well, and about 140 nickel-plated brass movements then were so decorated between 1868 and 1870. Howard used damaskeening in this period to draw the viewer's eye to the Reed's patented main wheel, an important technical feature of the watches. Damaskeening was first used in America on solid nickel movements in 1867 by the U.S. Watch Co of Marion, NJ. In 1868–69, the American Watch Company of Waltham, MA employed damaskeening on small numbers of top grade nickel Model 16KW (a.k.a., Model 1860) and nickel Model 1868 movements. Damaskeening then quickly spread to most other American watch manufacturers and watch grades.
Two-tone damaskeening can be created by applying a thin plating of gold and then having the damaskeening scrape through the gold outer layer and into the nickel plate.
In 2022, the Swiss machine manufacturer SwissKH, which comes from Swiss Know-How, presented its new machine for making this old decor: the Angelo machine.

Kolouei O'Brien (1939 – 11 May 2015) was a politician from Tokelau and faipule of Fakaofo. He served as the head of government of Tokelau three times, from February 2000 until February 2001, from February 2003 until February 2004, and from February 2006 until February 2007. Kolouei O'Brien had a master's degree in navigation/yachting. He was born at Fakaofo and died at his home there on 11 May 2015.

The Illinois River Trail, known on maps as National Trail No. 1161, is a hiking trail located in the Siskiyou National Forest in Oregon, United States. The 27-mile (43 km) trail provides access to the Kalmiopsis Wilderness in the Klamath Mountains.
Highlights of the trail include Bald Mountain, Buzzard's Roost, Indigo Creek and the Illinois River Valley.
The trailhead is at the Briggs Creek Campground near Grants Pass.  The trail terminates at Oak Flat near Agness, Oregon.  A Northwest Forest Pass is needed for parking and the required free wilderness permit may be obtained at the trailhead.
The entire trail is open to backpacking and horseback riding. Under Travel Management regulations, the Illinois River Trail (from Oak Flat to the old Fantz Ranch) is open to motorcycles with an Oregon ATV permit from September 15 to May 15. No motorized or mechanized equipment (i.e., mountain bikes) are allowed past Fantz Ranch or in the Kalmiopsis Wilderness.
In July 2022, the trail was rehabilitated and reopened by the Siskiyou Mountain Club whose summer interns removed fallen trees and brush that had rendered it nearly impassable for the preceding 20 years.

Road to Now is a six-part Australian documentary about the post–Cold War era, hosted by Australian journalist Chris Bath. It was produced by Wildbear Entertainment in collaboration with the ABC, which broadcast the show in 2020.
The show predominantly draws on footage from ABC news and current affairs shows, interspersed with commentary from former leaders, academics and journalists including Melina Abdullah, Christiane Amanpour, Helen Clark, Gareth Evans, Niall Ferguson, Thomas Friedman, John Howard, Yascha Mounk and Malala Yousafzai.
In each episode, Bath describes various interrelated events which occurred between the end of the Cold War, an optimistic period when many believed Western values and the free market had triumphed, and the current period marked by conflict and illiberalism.
Writing in the Sydney Morning Herald, Ben Pobjie described the series as a fine example of a deep-dive historical perspective, which although did not reveal much particularly new, nevertheless showed how unrecognisable the immediate post–Cold War era is to the current day. Inside Story's Jane R. Goodall criticised the script and Chris Bath's leaden delivery, which often lacked sufficiently deep perspective and failed to marshal structural and thematic clarity.

Marry Me a Little is a musical with lyrics and music by Stephen Sondheim, conceived by Craig Lucas and Norman René. The revue sets songs cut from Sondheim's better-known musicals, as well as songs from his then-unproduced musical Saturday Night,  to a dialogue-free plot about the relationship between two lonely New York single people, who are in emotional conflict during an evening in their separate one-room apartments. Despite knowing of the other's existence, they never get up the courage to talk to each other, though they imagine what such an encounter might be like.

Penn State Berks is a commonwealth campus of Pennsylvania State University located in Spring Township in Berks County, Pennsylvania.

Henry Baker was an Anglo-Irish soldier, noted for his time as Governor of Londonderry. He oversaw the successful defence of the city during the Siege of Derry in 1689, but died of illness before Derry was relieved.
Baker was a professional, career soldier. He served as part of the Tangier Garrison, something he had in common with other leading figures of the Siege of Derry such as Robert Lundy, Percy Kirke and John Mitchelburne. Following the Irish Protestant rebellion against James II in 1688–89, Baker joined a newly raised regiment in Eastern Ulster. He was present during a failed attack on Carrickfergus and then at the Break of Dromore when an Irish Army force under Richard Hamilton routed Arthur Rawdon's Protestant troops.
With many other survivors of Dromore, Baker headed west towards Derry, one of the few remaining centres to hold out against James II. The Protestants suffered another defeat at the Battle of Cladyford, and the Jacobite forces approached Derry to besiege it. After the previous Governor Robert Lundy had resigned his post and left the city, Baker was offered the governorship. He agreed to take command, provided that the Reverend George Walker was appointed his deputy to oversee the city's stores.
Under Baker's leadership the city's defenders remained active, sallying out a number of times against the besiegers. After he fell ill command was handed over to John Mitchelburne, who was formally elected governor after Baker's death. Baker was buried in St Columb's Cathedral in Derry.

Lilienthal Island is one of the Donovan Islands, lying just north of Glasgal Island in Vincennes Bay, Antarctica. The island was mapped from air photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and was named by Carl R. Eklund for Billie R. Lilienthal, U.S. Navy, aerographer at Wilkes Station, 1957.

Yevhen Serhiyovych Deidei (Ukrainian: Євген Сергійович Дейдей; 12 July 1987) is a Ukrainian politician and lieutenant colonel who served as a People's Deputy of Ukraine from 2014 to 2019. Previously, he served as  coordinator of the Kyiv-1 Police Battalion of the Special Tasks Patrol Police under the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
In 2012, he was sentenced to five years in prison for robbery but was later released from the punishment.
Deidei's current whereabouts are unknown. Initial reports indicated that he was killed during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, but other sources have subsequently claimed that he clandestinely left the country via smuggling routes.

Gallium nitrate (brand name Ganite) is the gallium salt of nitric acid with the chemical formula Ga(NO3)3. It is a drug used to treat symptomatic hypercalcemia secondary to cancer. It works by preventing the breakdown of bone through the inhibition of osteoclast activity, thus lowering the amount of free calcium in the blood. Gallium nitrate is also used to synthesize other gallium compounds.

Pikes Peak granite is a 1.08 billion year old Late-Precambrian geologic formation found in the central part of the Front Range of Colorado. It is a coarse-grained pink to light red syenogranite with minor gray monzogranite, and it has a distinctive brick-red appearance where it outcrops. The granite gets its name from the 14,115-foot (4,302 m) Pikes Peak, which is made up almost entirely of this rock.

The War Between the Wars (Hebrew: המערכה בין המלחמות or מב"ם lit. "military campaign between wars") refers to the targeted covert inter-war campaign waged by the State of Israel. This is done through the IDF and the Israeli Intelligence Community, by preventing Israel's enemies, whomsoever they may be, from developing capabilities that will enable them to violate Israel's balance of deterrence through detecting and selectively destroying emerging threats to Israel's security.
Among the activities attributed to Israel: the 2007 strike on a suspected nuclear reactor in Syria (Operation Outside the Box), the assassination of Syrian General Muhammad Suleiman (although not publicly attributed to Israel, only that Israel was consulted on the assassination), Imad Mughniyah, the military commander of Hezbollah and his son, and Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. The Israeli attack in Sudan (2009) during Operation Cast Lead, the May 2013 attacks on Iranian arms shipments to Hezbollah in Damascus, the January 2013 attack on the Syrian arms convoy in the Rif region of Damascus, the February 2014 attack on the Syrian arms convoy to Hezbollah in Baalbek, activities against the Iranian nuclear program, and the delivery of about 800 bombs against 200 targets across Syria in 2017–2018.

Rajasimha may refer to:

Rajasimha I (disambiguation)
Rajasimha II (disambiguation)
Maravarman Rajasimha I, Pandyan king of present-day India
Maravarman Rajasimha II, Pandyan king of present-day India
Maravarman Rajasimha III, Pandyan king of present-day India
Rajasinha I of Sitawaka, king of Sitawaka in present-day Sri Lanka
Rajasinha II of Kandy, king of Kandy in present-day Sri Lanka
Rajasimha (film), 2018 Indian Kannada-language action film directed by Ravi Ram

Hunger for Life is a 2019 coming-of-age novel by Scottish author Andy Marr, which explores a man struggling between his anorexic sister, his aging parents, and his new free-spirited Austrian girlfriend, Hannah. Originally a self-published novel via Kindle Direct Publishing, the book received broader critical attention and popularity than expected, particularly for its accurate portrayal of eating disorders. The original book had an emerald-green cover with a photograph of two children on it; later versions had conceptual art sketches in black-and-white pencil.  



The DLA Logistics Information Service (DLIS), or formerly the Defense Logistics Information Service provides logistics and information technology services to the United States Department of Defense, Federal agencies, and international partners. It is headquartered at the Hart–Dole–Inouye Federal Center in Battle Creek, Michigan.
The primary product of DLIS is the publication of defense logistics data via its WEBFLIS and FED LOG products. Both products are secured for view only by authorized personnel through the AMPS technology provisioning service.
DLIS created their WEBFLIS system in 2001 modeled on that of other established commercial systems at the time which included the awarded WEBFLIS service of Now! Components and the procurement database created for the Government of Japan in 1992.

Jeremiah 3 is the third chapter of the Book of Jeremiah in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. This book contains prophecies attributed to the prophet Jeremiah, and is one of the Books of the Prophets. Chapters 2 to 6 contain the earliest preaching of Jeremiah on the apostasy of Israel. Verses 2:1-3:5 dramatize the ending of a "marriage" between Yahweh and Israel, whereas verses 3:6-4:2 describe "the aftermath of recrimination" and partial restoration.

WYOH (1540 AM) – branded as Real Talk 1540 WYOH on weekdays and Bakan Radio on weekends – is a commercial daytime-only radio station licensed to serve Niles, Ohio. Owned by Sagittarius Communications, LLC., the station covers the Youngstown metropolitan area. WYOH broadcasts a progressive talk format on weekdays and tropical music on weekends. The WYOH studios and transmitter are both located in Mineral Ridge; in addition to a standard analog transmission, WYOH is also available online.



Hiruzen (蒜山, ひるぜん) is the name of an area located in the North of Maniwa City in the north of Okayama Prefecture, Japan. Hiruzen was formed of 3 small towns: Chuka, Yatsuka, and Kawakami, which together were known as the town of Hiruzen, which was merged with several other towns to become current Maniwa City in 2005. Its main feature is the Hiruzen Sanza (蒜山三座), a mountain located on the border of Okayama and Tottori prefectures on the main island of Honshu in Japan. The Hiruzen Sanza consists of three peaks of similar elevation, the highest being Mt. Kamihiruzen (Hiruzen (上蒜山)) at 1,202 m (3,944 ft). The Hiruzen Highlands, (also known as the Hiruzen Plateau) has an elevation of 500 metres (0.31 mi) to 600 metres (0.37 mi). Hiruzen is an important part of the Daisen-Oki National Park.



Domjur is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Howrah Sadar subdivision of Howrah district in the Indian state of West Bengal.

Adguri is a small town in the Arghakhanchi District in Lumbini Province, of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the town had a population of 4174 living in 804 household. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population had increased to 4409, of which 57% was literate.

CTJ may refer to:

Calvin Theological Journal, an academic journal published by Calvin Theological Seminary
Citizens for Tax Justice, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank and advocacy group
CTJ, the FAA LID code for West Georgia Regional Airport, Carrollton, Georgia
CTJ, the IATA code for Caserta railway station, Campania, Italy

(Titus Flavius) Postumius Quietus  (fl. 3rd century AD) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul in AD 272.

Frederick William Ratcliffe  (born 28 May 1927) is an English philologist and librarian. 



Port Ivory is a coastal area in the northwestern corner of Staten Island, New York City, New York, United States.  It is located on Newark Bay near the entrances the Kill van Kull in the east and  Arthur Kill in the west. It is bordered by Arlington to the east, Old Place to the south, Newark Bay to the north, and the Arthur Kill to the west.
The area bore the name of Milliken originally, and became locally known as Port Ivory after Ivory Soap, one of the best-known products from Procter & Gamble, which operated a factory at the site from 1907 until 1991, when the soap making operation was moved to Mexico.  Located nearby is the Howland Hook Marine Terminal.  The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which leases the Howland Hook facility is contracting out the construction of an intermodal rail yard using part of the former Ivory Soap factory site to help with ship to rail transshipment.
Another transportation resource is the North Shore branch of the Staten Island Railway, which crosses the Arthur Kill on its own Arthur Kill Vertical Lift Bridge, adjacent and parallel to the Goethals Bridge, and eventually reaches Cranford Junction, New Jersey.  However, passenger trains stopped serving the Port Ivory (formerly Milliken) station several years before passenger service on the branch as a whole ceased in 1953, and freight activity on the line became rare by the 1970s and nonexistent by the beginning of the 1990s.  Efforts to restore the freight service by the New York City Economic Development Corporation were completed in June 2006. The Arlington Yard re-built connected to the new ExpressRail terminal at the marine terminal.
The Staten Island Expressway is sometimes cited as Port Ivory's southern boundary. The island's (and New York City's) lone mobile home park is on Goethals Road North, a service road of the expressway; the only other residents of the heavily industrial neighborhood live in a few older single-family homes a short distance to the east, along Forest Avenue.

Michael John Barthorp (died 5 January 2018, aged 90 years) was a British historian and writer, specialising in military history and military uniforms.  He lived in Jersey, Channel Islands.
Barthorp attended Wellington College until the end of the Second World War. In September 1945, he joined the Rifle Brigade under universal conscription and was demobilised in 1958. After some time with the Royal Hampshire Territorials, he exchanged for a regular commission in the Northamptonshire Regiment in which his family had served for three generations.
Major Barthorp retired from service in 1968, to become a military historian and writer. He was a member of the Victorian Military Society and contributed to their magazine Soldiers of the Queen.
Predeceased by his wife Penelope, they were survived by two sons and a daughter, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.

Brex Arena Utsunomiya is an arena in Utsunomiya, Tochigi, Japan. It is the home arena of the Link Tochigi Brex of the B.League, Japan's professional basketball league.

Jannik Pohl (born 6 April 1996) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Icelandic club Fram Reykjavík.

J.P. Javali (4 May 1931 – 21 November 2001) was an Indian politician and Member of Rajya Sabha (the upper house of the Parliament of India) from 1988 to 1994.Adel Ibrahim Ismail (born 28 March 1951) is an Egyptian basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
This is a list of fictional bears that appear in video games, film, television, animation, comics and literature. This also includes pandas, but not the unrelated red panda species. The list is limited to notable, named characters. This list is a subsidiary to the List of fictional animals article.


Wacław Mayzel (12 September 1847 – 19 April 1916) was a Polish histologist and the first person to describe mitosis. He was also involved in popularizing evolutionary thinking by translating Darwin's On the Origin of Species into Polish in 1873.


Lai Kui Fang (simplified Chinese: 赖桂芳; traditional Chinese: 賴桂芳; pinyin: Lài Guì Fāng; 20 January 1936 – 12 August 2022) was a Singaporean artist who studied on a French government scholarship at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts.
Born before World War II in the mid 1930s, Lai's romance with art started peculiarly in the primitive environment of forests and jungles. Because of the war, the young Lai Kui Fang could only explore with charcoals as there were no pens or pencils available, he drew on the wooden walls of his home.
Pedro Boscardin Dias and Gustavo Heide were the defending champions but only Boscardin Dias chose to defend his title, partnering Mateus Alves. They withdrew from the tournament before their first round match.
Diego Hidalgo and Miguel Ángel Reyes-Varela won the title after defeating Sriram Balaji and Fernando Romboli 6–7(2–7), 6–4, [18–16] in the final.
Proxima Centauri is a small star located 4.2465 light-years away from the Sun in the southern constellation of Centaurus.
Proxima Centauri may also refer to:

Proxima Centauri (album), a 2001 album by Ancient, or the title song
"Proxima Centauri" (short story), a 1936 science-fiction story by Murray Leinster
The 3rd Michigan Infantry Regiment (Reorganized) was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Jag är inte rädd för mörkret (Swedish for I Am Not Afraid of the Dark) is the tenth studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent. It was released on 25 April 2012 by Sonet Records (Universal Music) and it was the band's debut release with the label since their departure from Sony Music in June 2011. The album was preceded by the lead single "999" on 28 March 2012.


Italian Brazilians (Italian: italo-brasiliani, Portuguese: ítalo-brasileiros) are Brazilians of full or partial Italian descent, whose ancestors were Italians who emigrated to Brazil during the Italian diaspora, or more recent Italian-born people who've settled in Brazil. Italian Brazilians are the largest number of people with full or partial Italian ancestry outside Italy, with São Paulo being the most populous city with Italian ancestry in the world. Nowadays, it is possible to find millions of descendants of Italians, from the southeastern state of Minas Gerais to the southernmost state of Rio Grande do Sul, with the majority living in São Paulo state. Small southern Brazilian towns, such as Nova Veneza, have as much as 95% of their population of Italian descent.
There are no official numbers of how many Brazilians have Italian ancestry, as the national census conducted by IBGE does not ask the ancestry of the Brazilian people. In 1940, the last census to ask ancestry, 1,260,931 Brazilians were said to be the child of an Italian father, and 1,069,862 said to be the child of an Italian mother. Italians were 285,000 and naturalized Brazilians 40,000. Therefore, Italians and their children were, at most, just over 3.8% of Brazil's population in 1940.
The Embassy of Italy in Brazil, in 2013, reported the number of 32 million descendants of Italian immigrants in Brazil (about 15% of the population), half of them in the state of São Paulo, while there were around 450,000 Italian citizens in Brazil. Brazilian culture has significant connections to Italian culture in terms of language, customs, and traditions. Brazil is also a strongly Italophilic country as cuisine, fashion and lifestyle has been sharply influenced by Italian immigration.
Thirteenth Aunt, Chinese given name Siu-kwan or Aunt Yee (少筠; "Siu-kwan", incorrectly translated in some subtitles as "Peony"), is a fictional character created by Hong Kong director Tsui Hark for his 1991 martial arts film Once Upon a Time in China. The character was first portrayed by Rosamund Kwan.
William 'Will' Henry Rist (born 22 March 1987) is a former English first-class cricketer.
While studying at Anglia Ruskin University, Rist made three appearances in first-class cricket for the Cambridge UCCE. He made two appearances against Northamptonshire and Essex in 2007, with a further appearance against Essex in 2008. He scored 24 runs in his three matches, with a high score of 11. In addition to playing first-class cricket for Cambridge UCCE, Rist also played minor counties cricket for Norfolk, making two appearances in the 2006 Minor Counties Championship.
Emily Charlotte Meynell Ingram (1840–1904) was a British artist, traveller and the last resident of Temple Newsam House, Leeds. She was the daughter of Charles Wood, 1st Viscount Halifax.


Ernst Uhrlau (born 7 December 1946) was the President of the German Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND). After attending Gymnasium Eppendorf, he graduated from University of Hamburg with specialization in political science.
In 1981, Uhrlau became an assistant to the Head of the Department for Protection of the Constitution of Hamburg, Christian Lochte, and in 1991 he took Lochte’s place. From 1996-98, Ernst Uhrlau was the Chief of Hamburg Police. In 1998, Uhrlau was appointed a Coordinator of the Intelligence Community in the office of the Chancellor.
On 1 December 2005, he was appointed to the post of the head of the BND.
The most outstanding of Uhrlau’s achievements in the post of Intelligence Community Coordinator was organizing the exchange between Israel and the Lebanese Hezbollah of the bodies of captured Israeli soldiers for captured militants in January 2004. In the BND documents this operation received the name "The Blue-White Sky Action" ("Die Aktion Himmel blau-weiß"). During its realization Uhrlau had numerous contacts with representatives of both parties and repeated visits to Beirut, and he proved himself, above all, an outstanding diplomat.
It is believed Uhrlau was a mediator between Hezbollah and Israel for the return in 2008 of the remains of two Israeli soldiers, Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, whose kidnapping triggered the 2006 Lebanon war.
Jafar al-Tayar may refer to:

Ja`far bin Abī Tālib (died 629), also known as Ja‘far at-Tayyār, son of Abu Talib ibn 'Abdul Muttalib
Guishar El Shukrijumah, also known as Jafar al-Tayar, alleged member of al-Qaeda
The 2011 FEI World Cup Finals in Leipzig, Germany were the Final of four World Cups in different Equestrian sports. They were held in the exhibition halls 1 and 3 at the new Leipzig Trade Fair from April 27 to May 1, 2011.
First time ever four horse sport World Cup Finals was held at the same place.
Breuville (French pronunciation: [bʁøvil]) is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in northwestern France.
Betina González (born 1972) is an Argentine writer.
Amateur Radio Emergency Communications (AREC), formerly the Amateur Radio Emergency Corps, is a service provided by the New Zealand Association of Radio Transmitters (NZART) which provides trained radio communicators and communication systems for emergency situations.
Justo Ruiz Luna (1865, Cádiz – 9 March 1926 Cádiz) was a Spanish painter, watercolorist and pastellist; best known for his maritime scenes.
Phyllis Draper, born on August 22, 1907, was a paleoecologist most notable for developing the first pollen diagram in North America in 1928. She began her career as a graduate student under Paul Sears, the chair of the botany department at the University of Oklahoma. Sears gave his students the freedom to explore unique topics in order to design their own theses. Draper took advantage of this, and during her time working and studying under Sears, she published two major papers entitled, "A Demonstration of the Technique of Pollen Analysis" and "A Comparison of Pollen Spectra of Old and Young Bogs in the Erie Basin." She believed that the fossil pollen could be used to make inferences about the climates of specific regions. Her first pollen graph showed the pollen in New Haven Bog, which included pteridophyte spores, grasses, pines, oak, and larch, and unknown pollen. She later updated this pollen diagram and developed another one for the Curtis Bog. Draper graduated from the University of Oklahoma in 1929 with an M.S. in botany. She died on August 8, 2000.
Hugo Vivian Hope Throssell, VC (26 October 1884 – 19 November 1933) was an Australian soldier in the First World War who was the first Western Australian and only Australian light horseman to receive the Victoria Cross (VC), the highest award for valour in battle that could be awarded to a member of the Australian armed forces at the time.


John Zachary Young FRS (18 March 1907 – 4 July 1997), generally known as "JZ" or "JZY", was an English zoologist and neurophysiologist, described as "one of the most influential biologists of the 20th century".
Thomas de Vere Hunt (19 January 1931 – 24 July 2023), generally known as Pat Hunt, was a New Zealand politician of the National Party.
A Christmas Story is a 1983 Christmas comedy film directed by Bob Clark and based on Jean Shepherd's semi-fictional anecdotes in his 1966 book In God We Trust: All Others Pay Cash, with some elements from his 1971 book Wanda Hickey's Night of Golden Memories and Other Disasters. It stars Melinda Dillon, Darren McGavin, and Peter Billingsley, and follows a young boy and his family's misadventures during Christmas time in the 1940s. It is the third installment in the Parker Family Saga.
A Christmas Story was released on November 18, 1983, and received positive reviews from critics. Filmed partly in Canada, the film earned two Canadian Genie Awards in 1984. Widely considered a holiday classic in the United States and Canada, it has been shown in a marathon annually on TNT since 1997 and on TBS since 2004 titled "24 Hours of A Christmas Story", consisting of 12 consecutive airings of the film from the evening of Christmas Eve to the evening of Christmas Day. In 2012, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
The film spawned three sequels. The first, My Summer Story (originally released as It Runs in the Family), also directed by Clark, was released in 1994. The second, entitled A Christmas Story 2, was released straight to DVD in 2012. A third sequel, entitled A Christmas Story Christmas, was released on HBO Max in 2022 and features most of the original cast returning.


The golden bee shrimpis a variety of the bee shrimp species Caridina cantonensis.
Sai Noi (Thai: ไทรน้อย, pronounced [sāj nɔ́ːj]) is one of the seven subdistricts (tambon) of Sai Noi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (clockwise from north) Khlong Khwang, Lahan, Bang Bua Thong, Thawi Watthana and Khun Si. In 2020 it had a total population of 29,256 people.
Walter Piston's Concerto No. 2 for Violin and Orchestra was written between 1959 and 1960 on commission from the Ford Foundation and violinist Joseph Fuchs and dedicated to him. Fuchs gave the first performance on the October 28, 1960, with by the Boston Philharmonic under William Steinberg.
The work is in three movements:

Moderato
Adagio
Allegro
A typical performance will last around 25 minutes.


Shaker furniture is a distinctive style of furniture developed by the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing, commonly known as Shakers, a religious sect that had guiding principles of simplicity, utility and honesty. Their beliefs were reflected in the well-made furniture of minimalist designs. 


Sun Yu (March 21, 1900 – July 11, 1990) was a major leftist film director active in the 1930s in Shanghai. One of the core directors of the Lianhua Film Company, Sun Yu made a name for himself with a series of socially conscious dramas in the early to mid-1930s. After the Japanese invasion of China in 1937, Sun Yu made his way to the interior, where he continued to make films glorifying the war effort against the Japanese.
His career took a turn for the worse after the Communist victory in 1949. In The Life of Wu Xun, Sun Yu's big-budget biographical picture of the titular Qing Dynasty educator, Sun attracted the wrath of Mao Zedong, who personally criticized the film in an essay. Though Sun never fully recovered from the episode, he has regained his reputation as one of the foremost filmmakers of the golden age of Chinese cinema.
Besides his work in cinematography, Sun Yu is known as a poet and translator, with two translations of Li Po's poems appearing in Poetry magazine in 1926, and a full-length book of selected Li Po poems with translations and commentary appearing in 1982.
Sun Yu's films Playthings (Little Toys) (1933), Daybreak (1933), Sports Queen (1934), and The Great Road (The Big Road) (1934) are available with English subtitles on YouTube.
Recorded on January 3, 1987, Live from Austin, TX is Johnny Cash's performance from the Austin, Texas television show, Austin City Limits. It was released on New West Records in 2005. Cash performs many old hits, and performs new ones from his latest releases on Mercury Records, where he just recently moved to. The CD and DVD do not contain the whole show — the songs "The Big Light", "A Wonderful Time Up There", and "The Fourth Man in the Fire" were left out.
Mastermind: To Think Like a Killer is a 2024 American documentary series directed and produced by Abby Fuller. It explores the career of Ann Burgess, focusing on her work at the FBI developing means of tracking serial killers and other violent criminals based on her novel research into their behaviors.
It had its world premiere at Tribeca Festival on June 7, 2024. It premiered on July 11, 2024, on Hulu.
The 2016 Intrust Super Premiership season consists of 25 regular season round starting on Saturday, March 5, 2016, and ending on Saturday, 24 September 2016 with the Grand Final
Langsa Timur is a district located in the eastern area of Langsa, Aceh, Indonesia. It has one subdistrict (mukim) consisting 16 villages:

Alue Merbau
Alue Pineueng
Alue Pineueng Timue
Buket Meutuah
Buket Pulo
Buket Rata
Cinta Raja
Gampong Baro
Kapa
Matang Ceungai
Matang Panyang
Matang Seutui
Meudang Ara
Seuneubok Antara
Sukarejo
Sungai Lueng
The 57th Operations Group (57 OG) is the operational component of the 57th Wing, assigned to the United States Air Force's Air Combat Command. The group is stationed at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada.
The Group provides direct oversight of the Nellis flying mission through the 57th Operations Support Squadron. They manage the airfield, operate the air traffic control tower, and the Nellis Air Traffic Control Facility providing radar service to local flying operations and the National Airspace System. It is responsible for scheduling, training, life support, weapons, tactics and planning staff functions. In addition to these functions, it also maintains administrative oversight of the 57th ATG staff and the 57th Wing staff.
The 57th OG also directs execution of two of the world's premier combat training exercises, Red Flag and Green Flag.
Hayoti Nav (Tajik: Ҳаёти Нав, formerly: Yangihayot) is a village and jamoat in western Tajikistan. It is located in Jabbor Rasulov District in Sughd Region. The jamoat has a total population of 14,037 (2015).
Auzia was a Roman-Berber colonia in present-day Sour El-Ghozlane, Algeria. The area was located around 150 km south-east of Algiers, in the ancient province of Mauretania Caesariensis.
Thomas Jonathan "Stonewall" Jackson (January 21, 1824 – May 10, 1863) was a Confederate general and military officer who served during the American Civil War. He played a prominent role in nearly all military engagements in the Eastern theater of the war until his death. Military historians regard him as one of the most gifted tactical commanders in U.S. history.
Born in what was then part of Virginia (now in West Virginia), Jackson received an appointment to the United States Military Academy, graduating in the class of 1846. He served in the United States Army during the Mexican–American War, distinguishing himself at the Battle of Chapultepec. From 1851 to 1861, he taught at the Virginia Military Institute.
When Virginia seceded from the United States in May 1861 after the Battle of Fort Sumter, Jackson joined the Confederate States Army. He distinguished himself commanding a brigade at the First Battle of Bull Run in July, providing crucial reinforcements and beating back a fierce Union assault. Thus Barnard Elliott Bee Jr. compared him to a "stone wall", which became his enduring nickname.
He performed exceptionally well in various campaigns over the next two years. On May 2, 1863, Jackson was accidentally shot by Confederate pickets. He lost his left arm to amputation. Weakened by his wounds, he died of pneumonia eight days later. His death proved a severe setback for the Confederacy. After Jackson's death, his military exploits developed a legendary quality, becoming an important element of the pseudohistorical ideology of the "Lost Cause".
Gul Asghar Khan Baghoor (Urdu: گُل اصغر خان بگھُور), is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since February 2024.
Meir ben Elijah of Norwich (Hebrew: מאיר בן אליהו מנורגיץ, romanized: Meïr ben Eliyahu mi-Norgits; fl. 13th century), also known as Meir of England, was a mediaeval English Jewish poet. He is acknowledged as the "chief representative of the poetic art
among the Jews of medieval England."
Little is known of his life, but some scholars have speculated that he was among the Jews expelled from England in 1290. It is possible that Meir was a son of Elias Levesque.
One long elegiac poem and fifteen smaller ones by him are found in a Vatican manuscript, from which they were published by Abraham Berliner in 1887. Among them is the liturgical poem Oyevi bim’eirah tikkov ('Put a Curse on My Enemy'), decrying the persecution suffered by English Jews. His work shows the influence of both Ashkenazic and Sephardic piyyutim.


Urs Toni Bühler (born 19 July 1971) is a Swiss classically trained tenor. He is a member of the classical crossover group Il Divo, who have sold over 30 million copies worldwide discs.
Morey's Piers & Beachfront Waterparks is a seaside amusement park located on The Wildwoods' boardwalk in Wildwood and North Wildwood, New Jersey. The park has been family owned and operated since 1969 and was run by second generation Morey Brothers, Will and Jack. Morey's Piers has more than 100 rides and attractions across its three amusement piers and two beachfront waterparks.


Kabonero is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Bob Kabonero (born 1965), Ugandan businessman and entrepreneur
Richard Kabonero (born 1963), Ugandan civil servant and diplomat, brother of Bob
Suldan (Persian: سولدان, also Romanized as Sūldān and Sūldan; also known as Sūlān) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 674, in 124 families.
Boundary tracing, also known as contour tracing, of a binary digital region can be thought of as a segmentation technique that identifies the boundary pixels of the digital region. Boundary tracing is an important first step in the analysis of that region.
Boundary is a topological notion. However, a digital image is no topological space. Therefore, it is impossible to define the notion of a boundary in a digital image mathematically exactly. Most publications about tracing the boundary of a subset S of a digital image I describe algorithms which find a set of pixels belonging to S and having in their direct neighborhood pixels belonging both to S and to its complement I - S. According to this definition the boundary of a subset S is different from the boundary of the complement I – S which is a topological paradox.
To define the boundary correctly it is necessary to introduce a topological space corresponding to the given digital image. Such space can be a two-dimensional abstract cell complex. It contains cells of three dimensions: the two-dimensional cells corresponding to pixels of the digital image, the one-dimensional cells or “cracks” representing short lines lying between two adjacent pixels, and the zero-dimensional cells or “points” corresponding to the corners of pixels. The boundary of a subset S is then a sequence of cracks and points while the neighborhoods of these cracks and points intersect both the subset S and its complement I – S. 
The boundary defined in this way corresponds exactly to the topological definition and corresponds also to our intuitive imagination of a boundary because the boundary of S should contain neither elements of S nor those of its complement. It should contain only elements lying between S and the complement. This are exactly the cracks and points of the complex.
This method of tracing boundaries is described in the book of Vladimir A. Kovalevsky and in the web site.
The 1980 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 4, 1980. All fifty states and The District of Columbia were part of the 1980 United States presidential election. Mississippi voters chose seven electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Mississippi was won, fairly consistently with predictions, by Reagan with a slim margin of 1.33 points. However, in future elections, the state would become a Republican stronghold, and no Democratic presidential candidate has carried the state since Jimmy Carter in the prior election. As of the 2020 presidential election, this is the last election in which Winston County, Tippah County, Itawamba County, Union County, Prentiss County, Pontotoc County, Lee County, Lafayette County, Attala County, Monroe County, Madison County, Calhoun County, Tate County, Marion County, Leake County, Grenada County, and Franklin County voted for the Democratic candidate, as well as the last time that Clarke County was not carried by the Republican candidate; as Reagan and Carter ended up in a tie in Clarke County.
Along with Maine, New York, Michigan and Vermont, Mississippi was one of the few states in which President Carter won counties that had gone to Ford in the previous presidential election, as Carter flipped Franklin, Grenada, and Yazoo counties, in fact the largest number of counties he flipped in any state. Indeed, Mississippi shifted only 3.2 percentage points to the right in this election despite a much larger national swing; as such, the state trended a sizable 8.7 percentage points to the left relative to the nation at-large. 
This is the last presidential election in which Mississippi voted more Democratic than the nation at-large. At the time it was the election with the largest number of votes in Mississippi history. This is the second-closest election in Mississippi after 1848 and the only time that a Republican has won Mississippi by a margin of less than 5 points.
Boogie Nights is a 1997 American period drama film written, directed, and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson. It is set in Los Angeles's San Fernando Valley and focuses on a young nightclub dishwasher who becomes a popular star of pornographic films, chronicling his rise in the Golden Age of Porn of the 1970s through his fall during the excesses of the 1980s. The film is an expansion of Anderson's mockumentary short film The Dirk Diggler Story (1988), and stars Mark Wahlberg, Julianne Moore, Burt Reynolds, Don Cheadle, John C. Reilly, William H. Macy, Philip Seymour Hoffman, and Heather Graham.
Boogie Nights premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11, 1997, and was theatrically released by New Line Cinema on October 10, 1997, garnering critical acclaim. It was nominated for three Academy Awards, including Best Original Screenplay for Anderson, Best Supporting Actress for Moore, and Best Supporting Actor for Reynolds. The film's soundtrack also received acclaim. It has since been considered one of Anderson's best works and one of the best films of all time.
Ichi Daraq (Persian: ايچي درق, also Romanized as Īchī Daraq) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 4 families.
The uterine cavity is the inside of the uterus. It is triangular in shape, the base (broadest part) being formed by the internal surface of the body of the uterus between the openings of the fallopian tubes, the apex by the internal orifice of the uterus through which the cavity of the body communicates with the canal of the cervix. The uterine cavity where it enters the openings of the fallopian tubes is a mere slit, flattened antero-posteriorly.
Stewart-Hawley-Malloy House is a historic home located near Laurinburg, Scotland County, North Carolina. It was built about 1800, and is a transitional Georgian / Federal style frame dwelling. It consists of a two-story, five bay by two bay, main block with a one-story, two bay by four bay, wing.  The main block has a full-width, one-story front porch and rear shed additions.  It was built by North Carolina politician James Stewart (1775-1821) and the birthplace of Connecticut politician Joseph Roswell Hawley (1826-1905).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Roy Grinker may refer to:

Roy R. Grinker Sr. (1900–1990), American neurologist and psychiatrist
Roy Richard Grinker (born 1961, American author and professor of anthropology
The Korets–Landau leaflet, authored by the Soviet physicists  Moisey Korets  and Lev Landau in 1938, condemned the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin and the NKVD in response to the Great Purge in the Soviet Union.
Stalin was accused of betrayal of the October Revolution, and the sociopolitical work of his regime, especially the secret police NKVD, was compared with that under German Nazi leader Adolf Hitler and the Italian Fascism leader Benito Mussolini, who at this time were in active political struggle against Communism in their countries; both were ideological and political enemies of the Soviet Union. In opposing Stalinism, the leaflet had made use of purely socialist ideas. In particular, it had used for its title the communist ideological slogan "Workers of the world, unite" borrowed from The Communist Manifesto.
Creation of the leaflet was greatly motivated by the UPTI affair, which resulted in imprisonments and executions of a number of leading Soviet scientists. Its propagation was planned on the International Workers' Day 1 May 1938, but this was thwarted when it was discovered by the NKVD, which arrested the authors. The investigation showed that the leaflet was compiled by Korets and edited by Landau. Some historians have supposed that its creation was a result of the wide provocation action performed among the Jewish scientists by the NKVD. Korets pointed out that the Jewish poet Pavel Kogan was the NKVD's instigator for the leaflet. Together with Landau and Korets, the Soviet physicist Yuri Rumer was also arrested. Landau was released thanks to Pyotr Kapitsa's support, but both Korets and Rumer were imprisoned in Gulag labor camps.
The 4th National Geographic Bee was held in Washington, D.C., on May 21, 1992, sponsored by the National Geographic Society. The final competition was moderated by Jeopardy! host Alex Trebek. The winner was Lawson Fite of Shumway Middle School in Vancouver, Washington, who won a $25,000 college scholarship. The 2nd-place winner, Geoffrey Hatchard of Cresco, Pennsylvania, won a $15,000 scholarship. The 3rd-place winner, Michael Sherback of North Easton, Massachusetts, won a $10,000 scholarship.
Neoclytus vanduzeei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Van Dyke in 1927.
Aurelio Fernández Sánchez (Asturias, 1897 - Mexico, 1974) was an Asturian anarchist.
Tunisia (TUN) competed at the 1963 Mediterranean Games in Naples, Italy.
Owen Daniels is an American actor and television writer, best known for his roles in Space Force and Upload.
Lyon Hall may refer to:

Lyon Hall (Demopolis, Alabama), a historic house in Demopolis, Alabama.
Lyon Hall on the Cornell West Campus in Ithaca, New York.
Myles Place, No. 68 The Close, Salisbury, Wiltshire, England is a former canonry, now a private home in the close of Salisbury Cathedral. The earliest known building on the site was a medieval residence for members of the cathedral clergy. The house was rebuilt in 1720. Considered the "stateliest house in the close", it is a Grade I listed building.


Thomas Abbott may refer to:

Thomas Eastoe Abbott (1786–1854), English poet
Thomas Abbott (priest), Irish priest, archdeacon of Cloyne, 1919–1936
Thomas Kingsmill Abbott (1829–1913), Irish scholar and educator


Vyacheslav Vasilyevich Kostikov (Russian: Вячеслав Васильевич Костиков; born 24 August 1940) is a Russian diplomat, journalist and writer who served as the press secretary to the first Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
Anomodon may refer to:

Anomodon (mammal), an extinct mammal
Anomodon (plant), a genus of moss
Martinozzi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Anne Marie Martinozzi (1637–1672), Italian noble
Marie-Anne Martinozzi, Duchess of Bouillon, Italian-French aristocrat
Laura Martinozzi (1639–1687), Italian noble, sister of Anne Marie
This is a list of United States tariff laws.

1789: Tariff of 1789 (Hamilton Tariff)
1790: Tariff of 1790
1791: Tariff of 1791
1792: Tariff of 1792
1816: Tariff of 1816
1824: Tariff of 1824
1828: Tariff of 1828 (Tariff of Abominations)
1832: Tariff of 1832
1833: Tariff of 1833
1842: Tariff of 1842
1846: Walker tariff
1857: Tariff of 1857
1861: Morrill Tariff
1872: Tariff of 1872
1875: Tariff of 1875
1883: Tariff of 1883 (Mongrel Tariff)
1890: McKinley Tariff
1894: Wilson–Gorman Tariff Act
1897: Dingley Tariff
1909: Payne–Aldrich Tariff Act
1913: Revenue Act of 1913 (Underwood Tariff)
1921: Emergency Tariff of 1921
1922: Fordney–McCumber Tariff
1930: Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act
1934: Reciprocal Tariff Act
1947: General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
1962: Trade Expansion Act
1974: Trade Act of 1974
1979: Trade Agreements Act of 1979
1984: Trade and Tariff Act of 1984
1988: Omnibus Foreign Trade and Competitiveness Act
1994: World Trade Organization created
2002: 2002 United States steel tariff
2002: Trade Act of 2002
2009: Chinese tire tariffs
2018: Trump tariffs
The American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM) is a United States professional society for the medical subspecialty of sleep medicine which includes disorders of circadian rhythms. It was established in 1975.
The organization's functions include the accreditation of sleep medicine facilities in the United States. According to the AASM, the organization issued its first accreditation to a sleep disorders center in 1977 (April 27, Sleep-Wake Disorders Center, Montefiore Medical Center, New York), and by 2024 had accredited more than 2,300 sleep facilities across the U.S, Canada, and U.S. territories.
Bristol ( ) is a city, unitary authority area and ceremonial county in South West England, the most populous city in the region. Built around the River Avon, it is bordered by the ceremonial counties of Gloucestershire to the north and Somerset to the south. 
The county is in the West of England combined authority area, which includes the Greater Bristol area (eleventh most populous urban area in the United Kingdom) and nearby places such as Bath.
Iron Age hillforts and Roman villas were built near the confluence of the rivers Frome and Avon. Bristol received a royal charter in 1155 and was historically divided between Gloucestershire and Somerset until 1373 when it became a county corporate. From the 13th to the 18th century, Bristol was among the top three English cities, after London, in tax receipts. A major port, Bristol was a starting place for early voyages of exploration to the New World. At the height of the Bristol slave trade, from 1700 to 1807, more than 2,000 slave ships carried an estimated 500,000 people from Africa to slavery in the Americas. The Port of Bristol has since moved from Bristol Harbour in the city centre to the Severn Estuary at Avonmouth and Royal Portbury Dock.
The city's modern economy is built on the creative media, electronics and aerospace industries; the city-centre docks have been redeveloped as cultural and heritage centres. There are a variety of artistic and sporting organisations and venues including the Royal West of England Academy, the Arnolfini, Ashton Gate and the Memorial Stadium. The city has two universities; the University of Bristol and the University of the West of England (UWE Bristol). It is connected to the world by Bristol Airport; to the rest of the Great Britain via Bristol Temple Meads and Bristol Parkway mainline rail stations; by road by both the south-west to West Midlands M5 and the London to South Wales M4 (which connect to the city centre by the Portway and M32).
Bristol was named the best city in Britain in which to live in 2014 and 2017; it won the European Green Capital Award in 2015.


Frederick M Ausubel (born September 2, 1945) is an American molecular biologist and professor of genetics at Harvard Medical School in Boston and is the Karl Winnacker Distinguished Investigator in the Department of Molecular Biology, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston., Massachusetts.
The 1960 Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference was the tenth Meeting of the Heads of Government of the Commonwealth of Nations. It was held in the United Kingdom in May 1960, and was hosted by that country's Prime Minister, Harold Macmillan.
This was the first Commonwealth conference since Malayan independence in August 1957 and saw the growing importance of the non-white  "New Commonwealth" countries. Malaya's prime minister, Tunku Abdul Rahman and his government vigorously opposed the apartheid policies of South Africa and, with the support of Pakistan, India and Ghana, demanded that the issue be addressed by the Commonwealth. However, Macmillan insisted that the final communique could only include matters on which the leaders were unanimous. Ghana advised the meeting that it would be becoming a republic and South Africa advised that it would be holding a referendum on the issue. Ghana was advised that its continued membership in the Commonwealth as a republic was recognised, however, South Africa was advised that it would need to seek consent of other Commonwealth governments for its membership to continue.
Kosaburo Hashiguchi (橋口 攻三郎, Hashiguchi Kōsaburō) is a Japanese mathematician and computer scientist at the Toyohashi University of Technology and Okayama University, known for his research in formal language theory.
In 1988, he found the first algorithm to determine the star height of a regular language, a problem that had been open since 1963 when Lawrence Eggan solved the related star height problem, showing that there is no finite bound on the star height.
Hashiguchi's algorithm for star height is extremely complex, and impractical on all but the smallest examples.[H88] A simpler method, showing also that the problem is PSPACE-complete, was provided in 2005 by Kirsten.
Earlier, in 1979, Hashiguchi had also solved another open problem on regular languages, of deciding whether, for a given language 
  
    
      
        A
      
    
    {\displaystyle A}
  
, there exists a finite number 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 such that 
  
    
      
        
          A
          
            n
          
        
        =
        
          A
          
            ∗
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle A^{n}=A^{*}}
  
.[H79]
Hashiguchi is the uncle of Japanese-born American pianist Grace Nikae.
Próba [ˈpruba] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Brzeźnio, 14 km (9 mi) south-west of Sieradz, and 65 km (40 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The 1953 Cincinnati Redlegs season was a season in American baseball. The team finished sixth in the National League with a record of 68–86, 37 games behind the Brooklyn Dodgers. The team changed its name from "Reds" to "Redlegs" prior to this season in response to rampant American anti-communist sentiment during this time period.
Anjali Rao is an Indian actress who has appeared in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam language films, ad films, Shortfilms and television serials. After making her debut as a supporting actress, she has been seen in lead roles in films including Vanmam (2014) and Baby (2015).
Antony is a 2023 Indian Malayalam-language action drama film directed by Joshiy and written by Rajesh Varma. The film stars Joju George in the title role, alongside Kalyani Priyadarshan, Chemban Vinod Jose, Nyla Usha, Asha Sharath, Appani Sarath, and Vijayaraghavan.
The film was officially announced in April 2023 and principal photography commenced in May 2023 in Vellikulam. The filming wrapped up in August 2023. The music was composed by Jakes Bejoy, while the cinematography and editing were handled by Renadive and Shyam Sasidharan. Antony was released on 1 December 2023. The film received mixed responses and became a moderate success at the box-office.
Ancistrus caucanus is a species of catfish in the family Loricariidae. It is native to South America, where it was at one point thought to occur in the Cauca River basin in Colombia, for which it is named, although subsequent research suggested in 2013 that it is actually native to the Magdalena River basin, whereas its congener Ancistrus vericaucanus is the species native to the Cauca. The species reaches 5.2 cm (2 inches) SL. It is not to be confused with the similarly named species Lasiancistrus caucanus.
Richard Bell (born September 2, 1937) is an American former high school and college football coach. His last job was as the defensive coordinator at Prince Avenue Christian School in Bogart, Georgia. He served as head football coach at the University of South Carolina for a single season, in 1982.
After he graduated from the University of Arkansas, in 1962 Bell began his coaching career at VMI. From there he coached at Georgia Tech, West Virginia, Texas Tech and South Carolina as a defensive coach. On January 9, 1982, Bell was formally introduced as the 27th head coach in the history of the South Carolina program. Bell had previously served for seven seasons as the Gamecocks defensive coordinator under previous head coach Jim Carlen. After a single season, Bell was fired by athletic director Bob Marcum on December 1, 1982.
From South Carolina, Bell served as a defensive coach at several other schools. These schools included Duke, East Carolina, Georgia, Navy and Air Force. Bell retired as a collegiate coach after the 2006 season, after 42 years as a coach. After four years in retirement, Bell reentered the coaching world to serve as the defensive coordinator at Prince Avenue Christian School in Bogart, Georgia in 2010. He retired after the 2017 season.
Tomorrow is a 1987 studio album by South African trumpeter Hugh Masekela.
Thomas Provis Wickham (born 1810 in Weymouth, Dorset; died on 1 March 1890 in Machynlleth), probably best known as an English cricketer.
Kirzhachsky District (Russian: Киржа́чский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the sixteen in Vladimir Oblast, Russia. It is located in the west of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,135 square kilometers (438 sq mi). Its administrative center is the town of Kirzhach. Population: 38,768 (2021 Census); 42,159 (2010 Census); 45,188 (2002 Census); 49,846 (1989 Soviet census). The population of Kirzhach accounts for 70.5% of the district's total population.
Bergen aan Zee is a village and seaside resort on the North Sea coast in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Bergen, and lies about 9 km west of Alkmaar.
Events in the year 2012 in Hong Kong.
The King Fahd Naval Academy (Arabic: كلية الملك فهد البحرية) is the main naval academy of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the Royal Saudi Navy, located inside King Abdulaziz Naval Base in Jubail, which also hosts the navy's Western Fleet. 
The academy was established in 1986 and is modeled on the Britannia Royal Naval College of the Royal Navy in Dartmouth, United Kingdom.
The academy maintains close relations with the Royal Navy, and on several occasions British instructors visit to train the Saudi cadets. Saudi naval cadets from the King Fahd Academy also frequently study at the Britannia Royal Naval College. Cadets from other GCC countries, such as Bahrain, also attend the King Fahd Naval Academy.
The 2004 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 2004 NCAA Division I-A football season.  They were coached by Tom Craft and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium.
Minotauro Records is a small independent record label based in Pavia, Italy.  Started in the early 80s by producer Marco Melzi, the label played a pivotal role in the early underground Italian heavy metal scene, releasing some of the most ground-breaking and genre-defining albums by Italian artists Paul Chain, Strana Officina, Death SS, Vanexa, and many others.
The label has experienced a revival in recent years, releasing albums by bands from all over the world, including Tactics, Devil Childe, The Fury, Phantom Lord, Jack Starr's Burning Starr, Bootlegs, Defyance, Super Massive Black Holes, Ogre, Craving Angel, Misantropus, Antonello Giliberto, Seth, Zero Down, Uncle Sam, among many others.
Yo-kai Watch: Wibble Wobble is a mobile puzzle spin-off title to the Yo-kai Watch video game series. It was released in Japan on October 21st, 2015, and then was released worldwide in March 2016 and 2017. As announced on April 2, 2018, the international versions of the game were permanently shut down on May 31, 2018.


Patrick George Leeson (17 July 1915 – 12 May 1997) was an English first-class cricketer: a right-handed batsman who played a single first-class match for Worcestershire against Northamptonshire in July 1936. Oddly, in that game he was dismissed in both innings by a Test bowler who was to take seven wickets in that innings: first for a duck by Vallance Jupp, and then for 7 by Austin Matthews. Leeson made one catch, to dismiss another Test player, Fred Bakewell.
Leeson bowled right arm off-breaks, but never sent down a delivery in first-class cricket.
He was born in Darjeeling, Bengal, India; he died in Leicester at the age of 81.
Svitlana Samuliak (Ukrainian: Світлана Самуляк; born 19 July 2003) is a Ukrainian weightlifter. She won the bronze medal in the women's 55 kg event at the 2021 World Weightlifting Championships held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. She is also a two-time silver medalist at the European Weightlifting Championships.
Rémi Maréval (born 24 February 1983) is a Martiniquais former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Leon v. United States may refer to:

Leon v. United States (1966), a United States Supreme Court case
United States v. Leon (1984)
The Sardar-e Jangal gas field is an Iranian natural gas field that was discovered in 2012. Located in 700m water depth it began production in 2012 and produces natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Sardar-e Jangal gas field, as specified by the Iranian Ministry of Petroleum, are around 50 trillion cubic feet (1,430×109m3), however, estimates from the operator later placed reserves at 5 trillion cubic feet, and production is slated to be around 2.45 billion cubic feet/day (70×106m3).
The 2013 FIRA-AER Women's Sevens – Division A was the second level of international women's rugby sevens competitions organised by FIRA-AER for 2013. The competition featured just one tournament, played in Prague. Sweden won the tournament and, along with runner-ups Belgium, were promoted to the 2014 Grand Prix series.
"Adjustment Team" is a science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick. It was first published in Orbit Science Fiction (September–October 1954, No. 4) with illustration by Faragasso. It was later reprinted in The Sands of Mars and Other Stories (Australian) in 1958, The Book of Philip K. Dick in 1973, The Turning Wheel and Other Stories (United Kingdom) in 1977, The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick in 1987 (Underwood–Miller), 1988 (Gollancz, United Kingdom), 1990 (Citadel Twilight, United States), Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick in 2002 and in The Early Work of Philip K. Dick, Volume One: The Variable Man & Other Stories in 2009.
"Adjustment Team" served as the basis for the 2011 film The Adjustment Bureau.
The Baldwin DS-4-4-1000 were two models of four-axle 1,000 horsepower (746 kW) diesel-electric switcher locomotives built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works between 1946 and 1951. The first models (56 locomotives) were powered by an 8-cylinder normally aspirated prime mover, but from 1948, a change was made to the second model powered by a 6-cylinder turbocharged engine. These two models replaced the VO-1000 in Baldwin's catalogue, and were in turn replaced by the  S-12 in 1951.
Elephas hysudricus is an extinct elephant species known from the Pleistocene of Asia. It is thought to be ancestral to the living Asian elephant, from which it is distinguished by the molar teeth having a lower crown height and a lower lamellae number. Remains of the species are primarily known from the Indian subcontinent, with the most important remains coming from the Siwalik Hills. The oldest remains of the species in the Siwaliks are placed at around 2.6 million year ago at the beginning of the Early Pleistocene, with the youngest dates in the Siwaliks during the Middle Pleistocene around 0.6 million years ago, though it likely persisted on the subcontinent later than this based on remains found elsewhere. Remains likely attributable to the species are also known from the Levant in Israel and Jordan, dating to the late Middle Pleistocene, likely sometime between 500-100,000 years ago. Isotopic analysis of specimens from the Indian subcontinent suggests that early members of the species were likely primarily grazers, but shifted towards mixed feeding (both browsing and grazing) after the arrival of the substantially larger elephant species Palaeoloxodon namadicus to the region. It is suggested to be closely related and possibly ancestral to the extinct Elephas hysudrindicus from the Pleistocene of Java in Indonesia.
Odontocera scabricollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Kombai may be referring to:

Kombai dog, a hound breed from the region of Kombai.
Kombai people, an indigenous people in western New Guinea
Kombai, Tamil Nadu
Kombai language a Papuan language
Choreutis niphocrypta is a moth in the family Choreutidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1930. It is found on New Guinea.
Alfred Penderell Waddington (October 2, 1801 – February 26, 1872), during his later years, was actively involved in the Colony of Vancouver Island in what later became the province of British Columbia, Canada.
From 1860 to 1861 he was a representative of the Victoria District in the House of Assembly of the Colony of Vancouver Island. He was also the first colonial Superintendent of Education from 1865 to 1867 and was an advocate of free public education.
Waddington is also remembered for planning the ill-fated Waddington's Road at Bute Inlet. The road was intended to be a shorter route to the Cariboo Gold Rush goldfields and was intended to run from the Pacific Coast via Bute Inlet to Fort Alexandria, but instead resulted in the Chilcotin War.
Dorfmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Ania Dorfmann (1899–1984), Russian-American pianist and teacher
Herbert Dorfmann (born 1969), Italian agronomist and politician
Luis Dorfmann (born 1957), American professor
Robert Dorfmann (1912–1999), French film producer
This is a list of musicians who have played rockabilly. For a list of psychobilly musicians, see list of psychobilly bands.
"Clouds on the Horizon" is the 20th and penultimate episode of the second season of the American animated television series The Owl House. In the episode, the Covens Against the Throne try to find a way to stop the Day of Unity, which would essentially kill all life on the Boiling Isles. The plan follows Eda Clawthorne taking over Raine Whispers' place as Bard Coven Head, while Luz and her friends try to stop Abomaton production.
The episode premiered on May 21, 2022 on Disney Channel and garnered 0.34 million viewers when it premiered.
The episode received critical attention for featuring the first same-sex kiss in a Disney property, between two of the main characters, Luz Noceda and Amity Blight.
This is a list of public art in the London Borough of Waltham Forest.
Map of public art in the London Borough of Waltham Forest
USS LST-986 was an LST-542-class tank landing ship in the United States Navy. Like many of her class, she was not named and is properly referred to by her hull designation.
LST-986 was laid down on 15 January 1944 at the Boston Navy Yard; launched on 5 March 1944; and commissioned on 14 April 1944.
Gerald Bostock may refer to:

A fictional character mentioned in the album packaging of the Jethro Tull album Thick as a Brick as well as the band leader Ian Anderson's solo albums Thick as a Brick 2 and Homo Erraticus
The plaintiff, Gerald Lynn Bostock, in the landmark United States Supreme Court case Bostock v. Clayton County
Tjeerd Boersma (22 February 1915 – 3 June 1985) was a Dutch sprinter. He competed in the men's 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Tom Compernolle (13 November 1975 – 16 June 2008) was a Belgian runner, who specialized in the 5000 metres. He was born in Bruges.
Compernolle finished thirteenth at the 2002 European Championships and tenth at the 2006 European Championships. He also competed with less success at the 2001 World Championships, the 2004 Olympic Games as well as three editions of the World Cross Country Championships. He also competed in Belgium's domestic cross country series, the Lotto Cross Cup, and won the series in the 1999–2000 season.
He died on 16 June 2008 after an army truck, on which Compernolle was a passenger, crashed in Aartrijke, Belgium.
Piz Fliana is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps, located south of Piz Buin in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
George Herbert Thompson (15 September 1926 – 7 March 2004) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the 1950s and 1960s for Scunthorpe United, Preston North End, Manchester City and Carlisle United including playing on the losing side in the 1954 FA Cup final.
Nicholas Ludford (c. 1485 – 1557) was an English composer of the Tudor period. He is known for his festal masses, which are preserved in two early-16th-century choirbooks, the Caius Choirbook at Caius College, Cambridge, and the Lambeth Choirbook at Lambeth Palace, London. His surviving antiphons, all incomplete, are copied in the Peterhouse partbooks (Henrican set), which disappeared from view until some were rediscovered in 1850, and the rest only in 1926.  
Ludford is well-known as being the composer of the only surviving cycle of Lady Masses, small-scale settings of the Ordinary and Propers in three parts to be sung in the smaller chapels of religious institutions on each day of the week. Ludford's composing career, which appears to have ended in 1535, is seen as bridging the gap between the music of Robert Fayrfax (1465-1521) and that of John Taverner (1490–1545). Music scholar David Skinner has called Ludford "one of the last unsung geniuses of Tudor polyphony". In his Oxford History of English Music, John Caldwell observes of Ludford's six-part Mass and Magnificat Benedicta that it "is more a matter of astonishment that such mastery should be displayed by a composer of whom virtually nothing was known until modern times".
The Orenburg Cossack Host (Russian: Оренбургское казачье войско) was a part of the Cossack population in pre-revolutionary Russia, located in the Orenburg province (today's Orenburg Oblast, part of the Chelyabinsk Oblast and Bashkortostan).
Søren Hagerup Holck Larsen (9 June 1920 – 30 August 1997) was a Norwegian physicist.
During the war he joined the Norwegian forces in Sweden in 1944 and took part in the liberation of Northern Norway in 1945. After the war he attended the University of Oslo where he earned a cand.real. degree in 1950. He received his ph.d. in 1958 from Oxford University with Professor Gordon Dobson as supervisor.
From 1955 he was amanuensis at the Auroral Observatory in Tromsø. From 1959 to 1962 he was university lecturer at the University of Oslo, then at the University of Chicago until 1963. In 1963-1964 he was research scientist at NCAR in Boulder, Colorado.
In 1964 Søren Larsen returned to the University of Oslo where he was a lecturer until 1987, and finally ending his career as a senior research scientist funded by the Norwegian research council NAVF until his retirement in 1990.
Søren Larsen was a pioneer studying stratospheric ozone. During 1950 and 1951 he measured ozone in Longyearbyen at Svalbard using a Dobson spectrometer. These measurements were the first from a high arctic station. Later these measurements were important for Dobson when he commenced his ozone measurements in Antarctica in 1956.
Larsen’s measurements from Norway are some of the oldest on record and they are an important contribution to evaluating the stratospheric ozone levels before the introduction of CFCs into the atmosphere. They are also some of the longest measured series available.
From 1968 to 1984 he was member of the International Ozone Commission.


Rákoskert is a former town in Hungary now part of District XVII of Budapest until it was united with Budapest on 1 January 1950. The population here is around 9372.
This Is Us is the debut album of Greensboro, North Carolina rock band The Necessary. It was released on June 22, 2004 on Forsaken Recordings. In 2005, The Necessary signed with Drive-Thru Records and changed their name to House of Fools.
Pokomo may refer to:

Pokomo people
Pokomo language
Gschwend may refer to:
Dunbartonshire and Argyll & Bute is an administrative division of Scotland, used for electoral registration and property valuation; and for the administration of criminal justice social work services. It consists of Argyll and Bute, East Dunbartonshire, and West Dunbartonshire.
Disney's Princess Favorites is a 2002 album released by Walt Disney Records that serves partially as a soundtrack to the direct-to-video animated film Cinderella II: Dreams Come True (which there was never a true soundtrack released for), but also as a standard compilation of classic Princess-related Disney songs. It was released on February 5, 2002, and went on to peak at #3 on Billboard's Top Kid Audio chart.
Martin Tupper may refer to:

Martin Farquhar Tupper, English writer and poet
Martin Tupper (physician), English physician
Martin Tupper, protagonist of the sitcom Dream On
Microcrambus bellargus is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Stanisław Błeszyński in 1967. It is found in Trinidad.
Wolens is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Doug Wolens, American documentary filmmaker, writer, and producer
Steven D. Wolens (born 1950), American politician
A West Country derby is a sporting fixture involving teams from the West Country, in England.
Goodbye Swingtime is the first studio album by The Matthew Herbert Big Band. It was released on Accidental Records in 2003.
The 1970–71 Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens women's basketball team represented the University of Delaware during the 1970–71 school year. This marked the second year of the program as a sanctioned sport by the university. Women's basketball, field hockey, and swimming had been approved on an experimental two-year basis in early 1969. This was also the first year of varsity coaching for head coach Mary Ann Hitchens, who had led the 1969–70 freshman women's team to an undefeated 5–0 record the prior season.
Philipp Ferdinand von Limburg Stirum (born 1734, died 1794), Count of Limburg, lord of Styrum, was the fourth reigning count from the branch Limburg-Styrum-Styrum. He was also heir of Wilhermsdorf in Franconia and of the sovereign Lordship of Oberstein.
He is known for his very extravagant and fastuous lifestyle, which caused his bankruptcy, and for having been the lover of Princess Tarakanova.
West Africa Command was a Command of the British Army. Conflicting information indicates that the command was either based at Achimota College in Accra or in Nigeria. It was disbanded in 1956.
The BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay is a British Academy Film Award for the best script. It was awarded from 1968 to 1982. In 1983 it was split into BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay and BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
In the following lists, the titles and names in bold with a gold background are the winners and recipients respectively; those not in bold are the nominees. The years given are those in which the films under consideration were released, not the year of the ceremony, which always takes place the following year.
Money Box is a weekly personal finance radio programme on BBC Radio 4, produced by BBC News, currently presented by Paul Lewis. The programme is broadcast live each Saturday in the half-hour slot just after midday. It is repeated on Sunday evenings just after 9.00pm.
Came the Dawn is a 1949 thriller novel by the British writer and journalist Paul Winterton under the pseudonym of Roger Bax. Set in the Soviet Union it drew on Winterton's experience as Moscow correspondent for the News Chronicle and BBC. It was published in the United States by Harper under the alternative title Two If by Sea.
Edmund Bacon Fitzgerald (February 5, 1926 – August 28, 2013) was an American business executive from Wisconsin and was a key figure in bringing major league baseball back to Milwaukee in the form of the Milwaukee Brewers in 1970.
John Mathew Gutch  (1776-1861) was an English journalist and historian.
Eugen Dasović (1 December 1896 – 7 February 1980) was a Croatian footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Neoregelia doeringiana is a species of flowering plant in the genus Neoregelia. This species is endemic to Brazil.


The Main road 34 is a northeast-southwest direction Secondary class main road in the Nagykunság (Alföld) region of Hungary that connects the Main road 33 to the Main road 4 and 406, facilitating access from Tiszafüred to Fegyvernek-Szapárfalu. The road is 55 km long.
The road, as well as all other main roads in Hungary, is managed and maintained by Magyar Közút, state owned company.


Bayne may refer to:

Bayne (surname), a list of people
Bayne Norrie (born 1944), Canadian football player
Bayne, Lincoln County, Kansas, a former settlement
Bayne, Russell County, Kansas, a former settlement
Bayne, Washington, an unincorporated community
Vria (Greek: Βρία) or Vrya (Greek: Βρύα) is a village and a community of the Katerini municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform, it was part of the municipality of Pierioi. The 2021 census recorded 319 inhabitants in the village.
Adelaide United Football Club Youth is the youth system of Adelaide United Football Club based in Adelaide, South Australia. The team players in the National Premier Leagues, the second level of Australia's soccer pyramid in Australia. The club also competes in the under-21s A-League Youth competition.
John Kantakouzenos (Greek: Ἱωάννης Καντακουζηνός) was a governor of the Thracesian Theme between 1244 and 1249, with the titles of doux and pinkernes. In 1249 he commanded an expedition sent by Emperor John III Vatatzes against the Genoese who had invaded and taken control of Rhodes during the absence of its governor John Gabalas.
Towards the end of his life John Kantakouzenos became a monk, adopting the name Joannikios, and died sometime before 1257.
Donald Nicol provides evidence to support the identification of this John with John Kantakouzenos Komnenos Angelos, who was the husband of Irene Komnene Palaiologina, sister of Michael VIII Palaiologos. Known children of this couple include:

Theodora, who married (1) George Mouzalon, (2) John Raoul Petraliphas;
Maria, wife of Constantine Tikh;
Anna, wife of Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas;
Eugenia, wife of Syrgiannes, and was the mother of Syrgiannes Palaiologos; and
A possible fifth unnamed daughter, who married Theodore Mouzalon.


Castro de Achadizo is a ruined site in Province of A Coruña, Galicia, Spain.
Mario Lucini (born 18 September 1958) is an Italian politician. He is member of the Democratic Party. He is a geologist by trade and was the mayor of Como, Lombardy from 21 May 2012 to 27 June 2017.
Deathtrap is a 1982 American black comedy suspense film based on the 1978 play of the same name by Ira Levin. It was directed by Sidney Lumet from a screenplay by Levin and Jay Presson Allen, and stars Michael Caine, Dyan Cannon and Christopher Reeve. Critics gave the film mostly favorable reviews while noting its plot similarities to Caine's 1972 film Sleuth.
The film narrates the tale of a famous playwright, who has not had any hits in recent years. After his student entrusts him with the manuscript of a promising play, the writer tells his wife that if the student has not told anyone else about his play, he could kill the student and claim the manuscript as his own.
Supriya Sahu, born on 27 July 1968, is an Indian bureaucrat belonging to the 1991 batch of the Indian Administrative Service. Presently, she holds the position of Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Tamil Nadu. She is currently posted as Additional Chief Secretary to the Department of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Tamil Nadu. 
She was earlier the Additional Chief Secretary for the Department of Environment, Climate Change, and Forests. Previously, she also assumed additional responsibilities as Principal Secretary-cum-Managing Director of The Tamil Nadu Small Tea Growers' Industrial Cooperative Tea Factories' Federation Limited (INDCOSERVE), Coonoor. Before that, Sahu served as the Director-General of Doordarshan from July 2016 to September 2017. Additionally, she was elected as the Co-Vice President of the Asian Broadcasting Union during the 55th General Assembly of ABU.
Computer Love may refer to:

Computer Love (album), an album by Australian artists TZU
"Computer Love" (Zapp song)
"Computer Love" (Kraftwerk song)
"Computer Love", a song by the band Eruption
Minkail Magomedovich Matsuyev (Russian: Минкаил Магомедович Мацуев; born 3 February 2000) is a Russian football player who plays as a central midfielder for Akhmat Grozny.
Escolástico Fuentes (c. 1800 – c. 1860) was one of five interim mayors of Ponce, Puerto Rico, during the period of 14 February 1854 to 24 July 1854.  The other four interim mayors during that six-month period were Julio Duboc, Pablo Manfredi, José Benito Paz Falcón, and Antonio E. Molina.
Nelson Cricket Club is a semi-professional cricket club based in the town of Nelson, Lancashire, England. The club plays in the Lancashire League, and has done so since its formation in 1892. The Lancashire League requires that each club plays one professional in each match. Traditionally, clubs in the league have hired a number of international and first-class players. Nelson's first professionals, for the 1892 season, were England Test player, Willis Cuttell and Derbyshire bowler, John Hulme. In 1900, the league rules were amended so that only one professional could be appointed per season. Since then, a number of famous players have represented the club, including Learie Constantine, Kapil Dev and Steve Waugh. Current Australia spin-bowler Nathan Hauritz played for the side in the 2005 season.
As of 2011, former West Indies batsman Keith Arthurton has the highest batting average of all the professionals, attaining an average of 113.66 in 10 matches in the 2000 campaign. Fellow West Indian, Learie Constantine, achieved the highest individual score to date of 192 not out against East Lancashire on 2 August 1937. Australian Joe Scuderi, who played over 120 games for the side in 12 seasons, holds both the professional and amateur records for the most runs in a single season. In 1991, he broke the professional record, amassing 1,414 runs in his first year with Nelson. He went on to surpass the amateur tally in 2005, scoring 1,135 runs. So far, the only professional bowlers to have taken all 10 wickets in an innings were Constantine, who conceded only 10 runs in the process against Accrington on 12 May 1934, and South African medium-pacer Anthonie Ferreira, who achieved the feat against the same club on 25 June 1988.
South End Rowing Club is an athletic club and social club in San Francisco, California.

The South End Rowing Club, founded in 1873, is one of the oldest athletics clubs in the western United States. The boathouse, with a fleet of 30 boats, is located in San Francisco, California, near Fisherman's Wharf, adjacent to the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. The club supports participation in rowing, swimming, handball, and running.
Nesar-e Chalab Zard (Persian: نسارچالاب زرد, also Romanized as Nesār-e Chālāb Zard and Neşār-e Chālāb Zard) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 151, in 35 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
Pseudo-R-squared values are used when the outcome variable is nominal or ordinal such that the coefficient of determination R2 cannot be applied as a measure for goodness of fit and when a likelihood function is used to fit a model.
In linear regression, the squared multiple correlation, R2 is used to assess goodness of fit as it represents the proportion of variance in the criterion that is explained by the predictors. 
In logistic regression analysis, there is no agreed upon analogous measure, but there are several competing measures each with limitations.
Four of the most commonly used indices and one less commonly used one are examined in this article:

Likelihood ratio R2L
Cox and Snell R2CS
Nagelkerke R2N
McFadden R2McF
Tjur R2T
Józef Młynarczyk (born 20 September 1953) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
After representing three clubs in his homeland he played out the remainder of his career in France and Portugal, winning seven major titles with Porto during his one-and-a-half-season spell.
Młynarczyk played more than 40 times for Poland, appearing in two World Cups with the country.
The fifteen series of the British medical drama television series Holby City began airing in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 16 October 2012. The series ran for 52 episodes, concluding on 8 October 2013. Many characters departed and arrived during the series.
Calvin Dean (born 21 May 1985) is an English screen and stage actor.


The Mexican National Tag Team Championship (Campeonato Nacional de Parejas) is a national Mexican professional wrestling championship controlled by the Comisión de Box y Lucha Libre Mexico D.F. (Mexico City Boxing and Wrestling Commission) and competed for by two-man tag teams. The championship was created in 1957, promoted regularly until 2003, and intermittently until 2011 when the last known defense took place. Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL) had control of the championship from its creation until 1992, at which point it was transferred to AAA. The championship history up until 1982 is only partially known, with periods of times where it is unclear who held the championship, but it is generally accepted that the lineage began in 1957 when Los Hermanos Shadow (The Shadow Brothers; Blue Demon and Black Shadow) won an eight-team tournament to be crowned champions. The championship was reintroduced in 2020 after previously being abandoned in 2011.
In the mid-1990s there was confusion about who was recognized as champions for a period of time. In December 1995, one half of then-championship team Los Guerreras, Fuerza Guerrera, left AAA, which led to the promotion declaring the title vacant. On January 12, 1996, new champions were crowned as Juventud Guerrera and Psicosis defeated Volador and El Mexicano to claim the titles. When Juventud also left AAA, the Comisión de Box y Lucha Libre decided that Los Guerreras were never officially stripped of the championship, refusing to recognize Juventud Guerrera and Psicosis as champions. In August 1996, the commission finally declared the championship vacant and returned the championship belts to AAA for future use.
The last championship team under AAA's control was Octagón and La Parka, who won the championship on June 20, 2003, when they defeated Electroshock and Chessman. In early 2009, AAA stopped promoting all Mexican National Championships, opting to focus on their AAA branded championships. Octagón and La Parka were never stripped of the championship, but did not defend them on any AAA shows after late 2007. From that point on the championship was only defended twice on the Mexican independent circuit, in March 2009, and then in December 2011. The championship was inactive after the last known defense. until February 19, 2020, when Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL; formerly EMLL) announced that they were bringing the championship back.
Los Depredadores (Magnus and Rugido) are the current champions. They defeated Esfinge and Fugaz on July 9, 2023. There have been at least 44 championship reigns since 1957. Los Destructores (Tony Arce and Vulcano) held the championship three times, the most of all recognized champions, while Tony Arce holds the individual record with four reigns. Los Metálicos (Oro and Plata) had the shortest verified reign, six days in December 1991. Octagón and La Parka's reign lasted 3,110 days, the longest known reign of any champions. As with all professional wrestling championships, matches for the Mexican National Tag Team Championship were not won or lost competitively, but by a pre-planned ending to a match, with the outcome determined by the CMLL bookers and match makers. On occasion a promotion declared the championship vacant, which meant there was no champion at that point in time. This was either due to a storyline, or real life issues such as a champion suffering an injury being unable to defend the championship, or leaving the company. All title matches took place under two out of three falls rules.
Ilkashevo (Russian: Илькашево; Bashkir: Илкәш, İlkäş) is a rural locality (a selo) in Alkinsky Selsoviet, Chishminsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The village has 4 streets and, as of 2010, a population of 210.
Fernand Sorlot was a French editor and publisher. In 1934, his publishing company, the Nouvelles Éditions latines, published a French translation of Mein Kampf by Adolf Hitler. Sorlot did not own the copyright, and he was sued by the Franz Eher Nachfolger, mainly because Hitler did not want the French to read the book. Meanwhile, from 1935 to 1940, Sorlot was the co-editor of Le Front latin, a fascist journal. After World War II, Sorlot was convicted of Indignité nationale for ten years.
The Schmittentobel Viaduct (German: Schmittentobel-Viadukt) is a single track limestone railway viaduct.  It is situated near Schmitten, in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
The viaduct was opened in 1903 by the Rhaetian Railway, which still owns and uses it today.
An important element of the World Heritage-listed Albula Railway, the viaduct is 35 metres (115 ft) high, 137 metres (449 ft) long, and has seven spans, each 15 metres (49 ft) in length.


Molham "Mo" Babouli (Arabic: مُلهَم بَابُولِيّ; born January 2, 1993) is a professional footballer who plays for York United of the Canadian Premier League. Born in the United Arab Emirates, he represented Canada at youth level and currently represents the Syria national team.


María Cornelia Olivares (fl. 1817), was one of the national heroines of the Chilean War of Independence.
In mathematics, a Cohen–Macaulay ring is a commutative ring with some of the algebro-geometric properties of a smooth variety, such as local equidimensionality. Under mild assumptions, a local ring is Cohen–Macaulay exactly when it is a finitely generated free module over a regular local subring. Cohen–Macaulay rings play a central role in commutative algebra: they form a very broad class, and yet they are well understood in many ways.
They are named for Francis Sowerby Macaulay (1916), who proved the unmixedness theorem for polynomial rings, and for Irvin Cohen (1946), who proved the unmixedness theorem for formal power series rings. All Cohen–Macaulay rings have the unmixedness property.
For Noetherian local rings, there is the following chain of inclusions.

Universally catenary rings ⊃  Cohen–Macaulay rings ⊃ Gorenstein rings ⊃ complete intersection rings ⊃ regular local rings
The flag of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries (or flag of the CPLP), also known as the Flag of the Lusophony, represents the intergovernmental organization for friendship among Lusophone (Portuguese-speaking) nations where Portuguese is an official language. The Portuguese language countries are home to more than 270 million people located across the globe. The CPLP nations cover a combined area of about 10,772,000 square kilometres (4,159,000 sq mi).
Kent D. Shelhamer (November 30, 1924 – May 31, 2024) was an American politician who was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He died on May 31, 2024, at the age of 99.
Shane Murphy (born 1 December 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.
Murphy, a forward, made his VFL debut against Essendon in the final round of the 1975 VFL season and kicked three goals. He performed well enough in Hawthorn's first final to be selected as a half forward flanker in the grand final.
A former Kew Amateur, he put together four appearances in 1976 but was wasteful in front of goals, kicking 12 behinds for just three goals.
After playing just twice in 1977, Murphy played another finals campaign in 1978 but lost his place in the grand final to Norm Goss. He never played another game for Hawthorn and ended up at De La Salle.
John Eli "Jeb" Brovsky (born December 3, 1988) is an American former soccer player.
System D is a manner of responding to challenges that require one to have the ability to think quickly, to adapt, and to improvise when getting a job done. The term gained wider popularity in the United States after appearing in the 2006 publication of Anthony Bourdain's The Nasty Bits.  Bourdain references finding the term in Nicolas Freeling's memoir, The Kitchen, about Freeling's years as a Grand Hotel cook in France.
The term is a direct translation of French Système D. The letter D refers to any one of the French nouns débrouille, débrouillardise or démerde (French slang). The verbs se débrouiller and se démerder mean to make do, to manage, especially in an adverse situation. Basically, it refers to one's ability and need to be resourceful.
In Down and Out in Paris and London, George Orwell described the term débrouillard as something the lowest-level kitchen workers, the plongeurs, wanted to be called, indicating that they were people who would get the job done, no matter what.
In recent literature on the informal economy, System D is the growing share of the world's economy which makes up the underground economy, which as of 2011 has a projected GDP of $10 trillion. The informal economy is usually considered as one part of a dual economy. The concept of dual economy is where the economy is divided into two parts – the formal and the informal. The formal economy consists of all economic activities that operate within the official legal framework and are regulated by the government. In common parlance, it is understood as enterprises and citizens who pay taxes on all generated incomes. The reason the informal economy is described as a DIY economy or system D is because of the self-reliance of the members within this sector. Due to lack of documentation, such as proof of citizenship, tax ID number, proof of identity or proof of address, people working in this sector are usually left with no way to seek support from their governments. This means that they are unable to access formal institutions which require documentation, and forces them to be self-reliant.
This is not to be confused with autarky or self-reliant economies. Economists define self-sufficiency or self-reliance as the state of not requiring any aid, support, interaction, or trade with the outside world.
Kern Medical Formerly Kern Medical Center, is a 222-bed teaching hospital located in Bakersfield, California in central California's San Joaquin Valley. The hospital was founded in 1867.


Eugène Marcel Prévost (1 May 1862 – 8 April 1941) was a French author  and dramatist.
Chigu may refer to:

Chigu, Iran, a village in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran
Chigu District, Taiwan
Chigu, Tibet, a village
Scaptius ditissima is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1855. It is found in Panama, Brazil, Peru and Ecuador.
Color Line Stadion is an association football stadium in Ålesund, Norway, and the home of 1. divisjon side Aalesunds FK. It was inaugurated in April 2005 and cost NOK 160 million to build. It is referred to as Aalesund Stadion by UEFA, as naming rights arrangements (in this case, with ferry operator Color Line) is not included during UEFA competitions.
It was the first top-level stadium in Norway to feature artificial turf, which was at the time a highly debated issue. When Aalesund opened the stadium, businessman Olav Nils Sunde donated a statue to the club, which was erected in front of the stadium. Whilst Sunde denied it, the statue bore a very strong resemblance to former Aalesund player John Arne Riise. In 2007, when Riise played in the Champions League Final, a Norwegian commentator demanded the statue officially carry his name. Riise himself has said, "[The name change] is not for me to decide. Everyone sees who it is, and I know that it was made for me." It was officially named "John Arne Riise" in April 2018.
Since 2009 it has also hosted the home games of the women's Toppserien side Fortuna Ålesund. The venue has hosted one Norway national under-21 football team match, playing 1–3 against Cyprus on 3 September 2010. In a 2012 survey carried out by the Norwegian Players' Association among away-team captains, Color Line Stadion was ranked eleventh amongst league stadiums, with a score of 2.87 on a scale from one to five.
Khuzu (Persian: خوضو, also Romanized as Khūz̤ū) is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 20 families.
The Academy of Sciences (Azerbaijani: Elmlər Akademiyası) is a Baku Metro station, named after the nearby Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences (Azərbaycan Milli Elmlər Akademiyası). It was opened on 31 December 1985. Its construction was carried out in difficult geological conditions by freezing with liquid nitrogen.
In the middle hall of the platform, an octagonal element of the national architecture of white color on a dark gray granite floor was used before each transition to the railway track. Another thin octagonal geometric figure is placed inside it. The entire middle hall is decorated with two parallel white stripes in front of the pylon. And in front of the walls of the pylons, two more vertical stripes connect the inner stripes.
The smaller establishments such as monastic cells and notable monastic granges (particularly those with resident monks) and camerae of the military orders of monks (Knights Templars and Knights Hospitallers) are included. The numerous monastic hospitals per se are not included here unless at some time the foundation had, or was purported to have, the status or function of an abbey, priory, or preceptory/commandery.
Château Haut-Marbuzet (French pronunciation: [ʃɑto o maʁbyzɛ]) is a Bordeaux wine estate in the Saint-Estèphe appellation area of the Haut-Médoc.
Although its origins go back to the 18th century, the estate only emerged as a leading quality producer from 1952 after Hervé Duboscq acquired it.
Today, his son Henri Duboscq is the winemaker and owner of Haut-Marbuzet, along with Château Chambert-Marbuzet and Château Tour de Marbuzet.
Initially listed among the Cru Bourgeois in 1932, and later promoted Grand Bourgeois Exceptionnel in 1978, the estate was classified as one of 9 Crus Bourgeois Exceptionnels in the 2003 official listing. According to David Peppercorn, "Today, Haut-Marbuzet is widely considered of a cru classé status, well off the bottom rung".
James Webbe Tobin (1767–1814) was an English abolitionist, the son of a plantation owner on Nevis. He was a political radical, and friend of leading literary men.
Adlercreutzia hattorii is a Gram-positive, obligately anaerobic and Rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Adlercreutzia which has been isolated from human faeces.
HMS Perseverance was a 36-gun Perseverance-class frigate of the British Royal Navy. She served on the North American station until 1787, after which she returned to England, where she was refitted at Portsmouth. In 1789 Perseverance was sent to the East Indies; she returned to Portsmouth in 1793, when she was laid up before finishing her career there as a receiving ship. She was sold and broken up in May 1823.
Fort Drummond may refer to the following sites:

Fort Drummond (Drummond Island, Michigan), in the United States
Fort Drummond (Queenston Heights), in Ontario, Canada
A name sometimes applied to the Drummond Battery in Port Kembla, New South Wales
Vallathol Award is a literary award given by the Vallathol Sahithya Samithi for contribution to Malayalam literature. The award was instituted in 1991 in memory of Vallathol Narayana Menon, one of the modern triumvirate poets (Adhunika kavithrayam) of Malayalam poetry. The prize includes a cash prize of ₹ 1,11,111 and a plaque.
Front of Solidarity and Overthrow (MAA; Greek: Μέτωπο Αλληλεγγύης και Ανατροπής (ΜΑΑ), literally "Front of Solidarity and Overthrow") was a political party in Greece that split from the Coalition of the Radical Left.
MAA was formed in April 2011 by a splinter group of the Coalition of the Radical Left, that followed Alekos Alavanos (former President of Synaspismos). Four parties that participated in the Coalition of the Radical Left (KOE, DEA, KEDA and APO), supported Alekos Alavanos in the local elections in Attica. They later joined the MAA but they left the front due to political disputes. In the legislative elections of 2012 MAA supported the ANTARSYA.
Jack-In-Irons is a mythical giant of Yorkshire lore who haunts lonely roads. He is covered with chains and wears the heads of his victims.  He wields a large, spiked club. His name may not be Jack as other Yorkshire folklore refers to "Jack in the Green" and more so the name Jack may just be a term for calling the person an unknown male, like John Doe today.
Jack-in-Irons is portrayed in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.  He is described as follows: "Uther was thirteen feet tall, with a head that was more pig than human, and two curling tusks on either side of his snout. He was a jack-in-irons, but he was named Uther Squarefoot."
Daria Klimentová (born 23 June 1971) is a Czech retired ballet dancer, ballet teacher and photographer . She spent most of her career as a lead principal dancer at English National Ballet. She is currently a teacher at the Royal Ballet Upper School.
Czaple is a settlement in Gmina Wąsosz, Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Leszno Voivodeship.
Ridgeon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Angela Ridgeon, British actress
Jon Ridgeon (born 1967), English hurdler
Will Ridgeon, British producer and director
Coyote vs. Acme is an unreleased American live-action/animated legal comedy film directed by Dave Green and written by Samy Burch, based on a story by Burch, James Gunn and Jeremy Slater. The film is based on the 1990 magazine article "Coyote v. Acme" published in The New Yorker by Ian Frazier, which itself is based on the cartoon character Wile E. Coyote and the Acme Corporation from the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons. The cast includes John Cena, Will Forte, Lana Condor, P.J. Byrne, Tone Bell, Martha Kelly, and the voice of Eric Bauza.
Development began in August 2018 with Chris McKay as producer and Jon and Josh Silberman writing the screenplay. Green was hired to direct in December 2019, and Burch, Slater, and Gunn joined the following year. Cena, Forte and Condor were cast in early 2022. Live-action filming took place in New Mexico from March to May 2022. 
Warner Bros. Discovery shelved Coyote vs. Acme in November 2023 to obtain a $30 million tax write-down, making it the third film shelved by Warner Bros. after Batgirl and Scoob! Holiday Haunt. Following a public backlash, Warner Bros. allowed the filmmakers to shop the film to other distributors. In February 2024, following unsuccessful negotiations with potential buyers, Warner Bros. Discovery again considered shelving the film and claiming a tax loss, although, as of March 2024, it was reported by Burch that conversations within Warner Bros. Discovery were still ongoing as to whether or not the film would be released.
The AlphaTauri AT03 is a Formula One car constructed by Scuderia AlphaTauri and racing in the 2022 Formula One World Championship. The car was driven by Pierre Gasly and Yuki Tsunoda. The AT03 is the third chassis built and designed by AlphaTauri and their first car under the 2022 technical regulations.
Everything in Time (B-sides, Rarities, Remixes) is a compilation album comprising B-sides, remixes, and rare songs by the American third wave ska band No Doubt, first released on November 23, 2003 as disc three of No Doubt's box set, Boom Box, which also contained The Singles 1992–2003, The Videos 1992–2003 and Live in the Tragic Kingdom. Everything in Time was later released separately on October 12, 2004.
The album's B-sides and rarities originate in recording sessions for the band's fourth studio album, Return of Saturn. The first six tracks were used as B-sides for three of the singles released off the album, "Ex-Girlfriend", "Simple Kind of Life" and "Bathwater". Everything in Time also includes a remix of the song "New", also from Return of Saturn, and two remixes of "Rock Steady", the title track from No Doubt's fifth studio album, Rock Steady.
The album received little coverage, not being a studio album, although the publications that did cover it gave average or good reviews, both in the box set Boom Box and it is in solo release. It charted on the U.S. Billboard 200 album chart at number 182.
The Slough experiment was a two-year road safety trial carried out in Slough, Berkshire, England, from 2 April 1955 to 31 March 1957. Different road safety innovations were tested to determine if they would reduce the number of road accidents. Amongst other innovations the experiment trialled the first linked traffic signals in the country, single yellow no-waiting lines, a keep left system for pedestrians and yield signs at junctions (the latter developed into the modern give way sign). The experiment also saw the first use of 20 mph and 40 mph speed limits in the UK.  The experiment cost at least £133,100 and resulted in a 10% reduction in serious injuries and fatalities.
İbrahimli is a surname.
İbrahimli may also refer to:

İbrahimli, Mut, a small village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey
İbrahimli, Kastamonu, a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey
Constance Heitmeyer from the United States Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2015 for "contributions to formal methods for modeling and analyzing software and systems".
Nawab Nabi Bux Khan Bhutto (2 January 1887 – 6 December 1965) was the Pakistani lawyer and political leader who was the member of legislative assembly before Partition of India from unknown date to 14 August 1947. He was also the brother of Shah Nawaz Bhutto, who later became father of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. He is also famous for being father of Mumtaz Bhutto and grandfather of Ameer Bux Bhutto.
Perl Compatible Regular Expressions (PCRE) is a library written in C, which implements a regular expression engine, inspired by the capabilities of the Perl programming language. Philip Hazel started writing PCRE in summer 1997. PCRE's syntax is much more powerful and flexible than either of the POSIX regular expression flavors (BRE, ERE) and than that of many other regular-expression libraries.
While PCRE originally aimed at feature-equivalence with Perl, the two implementations are not fully equivalent. During the PCRE 7.x and Perl 5.9.x phase, the two projects coordinated development, with features being ported between them in both directions.
In 2015, a fork of PCRE was released with a revised programming interface (API). The original software, now called PCRE1 (the 1.xx–8.xx series), has had bugs mended, but no further development. As of 2020, it is considered obsolete, and the current 8.45 release is likely to be the last. The new PCRE2 code (the 10.xx series) has had a number of extensions and coding improvements and is where development takes place.
A number of prominent open-source programs, such as the Apache and Nginx HTTP servers, and the PHP and R scripting languages, incorporate the PCRE library; proprietary software can do likewise, as the library is BSD-licensed. As of Perl 5.10, PCRE is also available as a replacement for Perl's default regular-expression engine through the re::engine::PCRE module.
The library can be built on Unix, Windows, and several other environments. PCRE2 is distributed with a POSIX C wrapper, several test programs, and the utility program pcregrep/pcre2grep that is built in tandem with the library.


Caryospora may refer to

Caryospora (aveolate), a genus of protozoa
Caryospora (fungus), a genus of fungi
Lewis deSoto (born 1954 in San Bernardino, California) is an American artist of Cahuilla Native American ancestry.
Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive Director Lawrence Rinder writes: "deSoto has explored a wide variety of media in his efforts to express the nuances of various social histories and worldwide cosmologies."
The majority of deSoto's work has been in the media of photography, sculpture,  and installation. The San Jose Institute of Contemporary Art writes that "deSoto's multimedia installations combine sound, light, video, space, and sculpture elements and are site-specific or oriented toward making a complete environment. His conceptual artwork utilizes automobiles, inflatables, electronics, photography, wood and metal construction."
DeSoto is based in Napa, California, and New York City. He joined the art faculty at San Francisco State University in 1988 and retired in 2021.
Polly Bemis House was the home of  pioneers to Idaho County, Idaho, USA, Charles Bemis and his wife Polly Bemis, who lived alongside the Salmon River in the late 19th and early 20th century. Polly was a Chinese American former teenage slave whose story became a biographical novel and was fictionalized in the 1991 film A Thousand Pieces of Gold.
Edwin Kohlhase  is a former member of the New Zealand National Softball team, called the "Black Sox" and he is the current coach of the Black Sox, beginning his tenure in 2004.
Monica Stevens (born 14 January 1967) is an Antigua and Barbuda sprinter. She competed in the women's 4 × 400 metres relay at the 1984 Summer Olympics. She is among only 65 Olympians to compete from Antigua and Barbuda.
A blue rose is a flower of the genus Rosa (family Rosaceae) that presents blue-to-violet pigmentation instead of the more common red, white, or yellow, through use of artificial means such as dyes. Blue roses are often used to symbolize mystery or the unattainable, since they do not exist in nature because of genetic limitations. In 2002, researchers used genetic modification to create roses that contain the artificial blue pigment delphinidin. In 2004, this was then announced to the world.
So-called "blue roses" have been bred by conventional hybridization methods, but the results, such as "Blue Moon", are more accurately described as lilac in color.
The King Brothers are an American blues group led by drummer Sam King and guitarist Lee King. They released two albums, Turnin' Up The Heat in 1997, and Mo' Heat in 2001.
Alexey Sidorenko (born 26 August 1983) is a Kazakhstani beach volleyball player. He competed at the 2012 Asian Beach Games in Haiyang, China.
Jim Gordon (February 15, 1927 – February 16, 2003) was an American television and radio newscaster and play-by-play sportscaster in the New York City area for nearly 40 years.
He delivered the first newscast for New York's WINS radio when it switched from a Top 40 rock music format to all-news in 1965 and also had long tenures as the television "voice" of the NHL New York Rangers and radio voice of the NFL New York Giants.
Later in life, he was also active in local politics in Putnam County, New York.


This is a list of Welsh television programmes including those produced or commissioned in Wales. This page also separately lists programmes filmed in Wales.
Bukowica [bukɔˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegosławice, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) east of Żagań and 37 km (23 mi) south-east of Zielona Góra.
This is a list of notable people from the city of Ludhiana in Punjab, India. It includes people who were born/raised in, lived in, or spent portions of their lives in Ludhiana, or for whom Ludhiana is a significant part of their identity.

The Cinema of the Russian Empire (Pre-reform Russian orthography: Синематографъ Россійской Имперіи) roughly spans the period 1907 - 1920, during which time a strong infrastructure was created.  From the over 2,700 art films created in Russia before 1920, around 300 remain to this day.
Senator Love may refer to:

Garrett Love (born 1988), Kansas State Senate
James M. Love (1820–1891), Iowa State Senate
John Love (congressman) (died 1822), Virginia State Senate
Peter Early Love (1818–1866), Georgia State Senate
Robert Love (soldier) (1760–1845), North Carolina State Senate
Shirley Love (politician) (born 1933), West Virginia State Senate
William F. Love (1850–1898), Mississippi State Senate
William L. Love (1872–after 1951), New York State Senate
Doublesex and mab-3 related transcription factor 1, also known as DMRT1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the DMRT1 gene.
The 2012 British National Track Championships were a series of track cycling competitions held from 26–30 September 2012 at the Manchester Velodrome. They are organised and sanctioned by British Cycling, and were open to British cyclists.
In physics, the Fermi–Pasta–Ulam–Tsingou (FPUT) problem or formerly the Fermi–Pasta–Ulam problem was the apparent paradox in chaos theory that many complicated enough physical systems exhibited almost exactly periodic behavior – called Fermi–Pasta–Ulam–Tsingou recurrence (or Fermi–Pasta–Ulam recurrence) – instead of the expected ergodic behavior. This came as a surprise, as Enrico Fermi, certainly, expected the system to thermalize in a fairly short time. That is, it was expected for all vibrational modes to eventually appear with equal strength, as per the equipartition theorem, or, more generally, the ergodic hypothesis. Yet here was a system that appeared to evade the ergodic hypothesis. Although the recurrence is easily observed, it eventually became apparent that over much, much longer time periods, the system does eventually thermalize. Multiple competing theories have been proposed to explain the behavior of the system, and it remains a topic of active research.
The original intent was to find a physics problem worthy of numerical simulation on the then-new MANIAC computer. Fermi felt that thermalization would pose such a challenge. As such, it represents one of the earliest uses of digital computers in mathematical research; simultaneously, the unexpected results launched the study of nonlinear systems.


Adelaide (  AD-il-ayd, locally [ˈædəlæɪd]; Kaurna: Tardanya, pronounced [ˈd̪̥aɳɖaɲa]) is the capital and most populous city of South Australia, and the fifth-most populous city in Australia. "Adelaide" may refer to either Greater Adelaide (including the Adelaide Hills) or the Adelaide city centre. The demonym Adelaidean is used to denote the city and the residents of Adelaide. The traditional owners of the Adelaide region are the Kaurna. The area of the city centre and surrounding Park Lands is called Tarndanya in the Kaurna language.
Adelaide is situated on the Adelaide Plains north of the Fleurieu Peninsula, between the Gulf St Vincent in the west and the Mount Lofty Ranges in the east. Its metropolitan area extends 20 km (12 mi) from the coast to the foothills of the Mount Lofty Ranges, and stretches 96 km (60 mi) from Gawler in the north to Sellicks Beach in the south.
Named in honour of Queen Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen, wife of King William IV, the city was founded in 1836 as the planned capital for the only freely-settled British province in Australia. Colonel William Light, one of Adelaide's founding fathers, designed the city centre and chose its location close to the River Torrens. Light's design, now listed as national heritage, set out the city centre in a grid layout known as "Light's Vision", interspaced by wide boulevards and large public squares, and entirely surrounded by park lands.
Early colonial Adelaide was shaped by the diversity and wealth of its free settlers, in contrast to the convict history of other Australian cities. It was Australia's third most populated city until the post-war era. It has been noted for its leading examples of religious freedom and progressive political reforms, and became known as the "City of Churches" due to its diversity of faiths. The city has also been renowned for its automotive industry, as well as being the original host of the Australian Grand Prix in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 1985 to 1995. Today, Adelaide is known by its many festivals and sporting events, its food and wine, its coastline and hills, its large defence and manufacturing sectors, and its emerging space sector, including the Australian Space Agency being headquartered here. Adelaide's quality of life has ranked consistently highly in various measures through the 21st century, at one stage being named Australia's most liveable city, third in the world. Its aesthetic appeal has also been recognised by Architectural Digest, which ranked Adelaide as the most beautiful city in the world in 2024.
As South Australia's government and commercial centre, Adelaide is the site of many governmental and financial institutions. Most of these are concentrated in the city centre along the cultural boulevards of North Terrace and King William Street.
The Sanjō Wasan (三帖和讃) is a collection of three Japanese hymns written by Jōdo Shinshū founder, Shinran. Alternative English titles have been given such as the "Three Eulogies" and "Three Pure Land Poems." The Sanjō Wasan was formally designated a National Treasure of Japan.
The text consists of the Jōdo Wasan (浄土和讃 Hymns of the Pure Land), Kōso Wasan (高僧和讃 Hymns of the Pure Land Masters) and Shōzōmatsu Wasan (正像末和讃 Hymns of the Dharma Ages).
Sunshine (released internationally as Sunshine Kings) is an Australian crime drama series which debuted on SBS on 18 October 2017. The four-part miniseries is an Essential Media production, directed by Daina Reid and written by Matt Cameron and Elise McCredie.
Vicki Bendus (born April 17, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who last played for the Brampton Thunder of the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL). While playing collegiate hockey with the Mercyhurst Lakers, she won the 2010 Patty Kazmaier Award, awarded to the top player in women's NCAA hockey. She was also selected for the Canadian national women's team that will compete in the 2010 Four Nations Cup. Bendus was the leading scorer at the 2011 MLP Cup.
Since 2016, Bendus has worked as a coach for Canada's National Women's Under-18 Team.
Twillingate Islands (French "Toulinguet") are a group of islands in Notre Dame Bay of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. There are two main islands, North Twillingate Island and South Twillingate Island, and several smaller islands that lie close to those; the largest is Burnt Island. 
The southern island is connected to New World Island via the Walter B. Elliott Causeway. The northern island is connected to the southern island by Tickle Bridge, which runs along Main Street in the town. The actual town of Twillingate is located on both islands.
The original French name of these islands is 'Toulinguet', which was chosen by French fishermen as the landscape reminded them of the one of western Brittany, such as on Pointe du Toulinguet.
The communities on the northern Twillingate island are:

Crow Head
Wild Cove
Back Harbour
The communities on the southern Twillingate island are:

Durrell
Bayview
Little Harbour
Purcell's Harbour
Kettle Cove
Black Duck Cove
Aarhus City Hall (Danish: Aarhus Rådhus) is the city hall of Aarhus, Denmark. The decision to build a new city hall was taken during a city hall meeting in 1937. The new building was inaugurated 2 June 1941, designed by architects Arne Jacobsen and Erik Møller. On the first proposal, the plans did not include a tower but due to massive public pressure it was later added to the drawings along with the idea to clad the structure in marble. Hans Wegner was in charge of the furnishing - which is uniquely designed to fit the building -, and parts of the interior design.


Xylorycta streptogramma is a moth in the family Xyloryctidae. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1903. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from New South Wales and Victoria.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are shining pale yellow, with blackish markings. The costal edge is narrowly blackish throughout and indistinct towards the apex. There is a moderately broad subcostal streak from the base to the apex, emitting from its upper extremity at two-thirds fine lines along the veins to the termination. There is an inwardly oblique somewhat triangular spot on the dorsum at the anal angle and all veins between this and the termen are outlined with blackish. There is also a fine line along the termen. The hindwings are dark fuscous, becoming much paler on the basal one-half.
Chevvy may refer to:

Chevvy Pennycook, an English rugby union player
Chevvy Cooper, technical support for Australia national wheelchair rugby team
OCD is an abbreviation that may stand for:
Bocydium is a genus of insects in the treehopper family, Membracidae. A 1999 classification identified 14 species in the genus, distributed around the Neotropics.
Lure of Ambition is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Edmund Lawrence, and starring Theda Bara.
The film is now considered lost, though an 82-second outtake is known to survive.
USS Gloucester has been the name of two ships in the United States Navy.

USS Gloucester (1891), a gunboat built in 1891 that served during the Spanish–American War
USS Gloucester (PF-22), a Tacoma-class frigate launched in 1943
An agro-town is an agglomeration in a rural environment with a population of several thousands but whose workforce's main occupation is agriculture. An agro-town also lacks the administrative, commercial and industrial functions that are usually common in the centers of such size. This type of agglomeration is particularly present around the Mediterranean Sea, in West Africa, and in the Americas.
The 2011 Cal Poly Mustangs football team represented California Polytechnic State University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The team's head coach was Tim Walsh. The Mustangs played their home games at Alex G. Spanos Stadium in San Luis Obispo, California and were football members of the Great West Conference.
With a win over South Dakota on October 29, the Mustangs clinched a share of the conference championship which they shared with North Dakota. The title was Cal Poly's fourth conference title since the conference's creation in 2004. They finished the season with an overall record of 6–5, 3–1 in Great West play.
This was the Mustangs final season as a member of the Great West as they became a football-only member of the Big Sky Conference in the 2012 season.
Jack Sydney Bates Gentry  (4 October 1899 – 16 April 1978) was an English first-class cricketer and an officer in the British Army. 
The son of Frederick Bates, he was born at Wanstead in October 1899, but grew up in Bournemouth. He was educated at Christ's Hospital, where he represented the school cricket team. Following the completion of his education, he was commissioned into the Hampshire Regiment as a temporary second lieutenant in February 1919. He made his debut in first-class cricket in the 1919 County Championship, playing a single match for Hampshire against Essex at Bournemouth. Gentry gained employment with the Port of London Authority in the 1920s, and subsequently qualified to play for Surrey. He made eight first-class appearances for the county in 1922 and 1923, before making a final appearance in first-class cricket for Essex against Yorkshire at Leyton in the 1925 County Championship. Playing as a slow left-arm orthodox bowler, Wisden described Gentry as an extremely accurate spinner, but one who lacked the spin of greater spin bowlers. It was noted that he was more effective on hard wickets rather than softer ones. Across twelve first-class matches, he took 36 wickets at an average of 22.05, with best figures of 4 for 36.
During the Second World War, Gentry served with the Royal Engineers, having gained a commission as a captain in August 1938, with promotion to major following just weeks before the outbreak of the war. He was mentioned in despatches in both December 1940 and 1941. He was made an MBE in September 1942, in recognition of distinguished service in the Middle Eastern campaign. He spent the remainder of the conflict stationed in British India, where he held the appointment of deputy port director for the Port of Calcutta. In recognition of this role, he was made an CIE in the 1946 Birthday Honours. Following the war, Gentry was appointed general manager of The Tees Conservancy Commission, a role he held from 1946 to 1966. In recognition of his nearly–twenty years service with the commission, he was made a CBE in the 1965 Birthday Honours. He also served as a justice of the peace. Gentry died in April 1978 at Loxwood, Sussex, following a long illness.
Mayflower II is a reproduction of the 17th-century ship Mayflower, celebrated for transporting the Pilgrims to the New World in 1620.
The reproduction was built in Devon, England during 1955–1956, in a collaboration between Englishman Warwick Charlton and Plimoth Patuxet (at the time known as Plimoth Plantation), a living history museum. The work drew upon reconstructed ship blueprints held by the American museum, along with hand construction by English shipbuilders using traditional methods.
Mayflower II was sailed from Plymouth, Devon on April 20, 1957, recreating the original voyage across the Atlantic Ocean, under the command of Alan Villiers.
According to the ship's log, Mayflower II arrived at Plymouth on June 22; it was towed up the East River into New York City on Monday, July 1, 1957, where Villiers and crew received a ticker-tape parade.  The ship was listed on the US National Register of Historic Places in 2020.
The ship was built at the Upham Shipyard in Brixham and financed by private donations in England and Plimoth Plantation. It represented the alliance between the United Kingdom and the United States for collaboration during the Second World War.  The ship is considered a faithful generic reproduction within a few details (electric lights added and ladder replaced with a lower-deck staircase), with solid oak timbers, tarred hemp rigging, and hand-coloured maps. It is 106 ft (32 m) long by 25 ft (7.6 m) wide, 236 tons displacement, three masts (mainmast, foremast, mizzen), a bowsprit and 6 sails.
The ship is seaworthy and sailed to Providence, Rhode Island in 2002. In December 2012, Mayflower II was towed to dry dock at Fairhaven Shipyard in Fairhaven, Massachusetts for Coast Guard inspection as well as repairs. The repairs took longer than originally planned because unexpected damage was discovered during the inspection. Repairs were eventually completed and Mayflower II returned to her berth in Plymouth, Massachusetts, on August 7, 2013. In December 2015, the ship arrived at the Henry B. duPont Preservation Shipyard at the Mystic Seaport in Mystic, CT for restoration. The ship returned temporarily to Plymouth for the 2016 summer season and has returned permanently in 2020, just in time for the 400th anniversary of the pilgrims' arrival.


Mary Williams (born July 8, 1949) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in Phillips, Wisconsin, Williams graduated from University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point. Williams served in the Wisconsin State Assembly since 2003. Williams and her husband owned Cougar Enterprises, which operates fast food restaurants in Medford, Wisconsin and the surrounding area. They have sold their restaurant properties.
She was appointed to the Wisconsin state technical college system board by Scott Walker. When her term expired in May 2021, she refused to leave the board while continuing to vote and make motions.
Frederick Harold Allen (December 6, 1890 – January 15, 1964) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics. In 1912 he finished sixth in the long jump competition.
Brooks Howard Lennon (born September 22, 1997) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a winger or right-back for Major League Soccer club Atlanta United.
Rodney Mark Cavalier  (born 11 October 1948) is a former Australian politician, statutory officer and author. Cavalier was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Fuller between 1978 and 1981 and then Gladesville between 1981 and 1988 for the Labor Party. During his term in parliament, Cavalier was Minister for Energy, Minister for Finance, and Minister for Education in the Wran and Unsworth governments.
The Battle of La Canela was a skirmish and one of the last battles of the Dominican Restoration War. This battle was fought on December 4, 1864, the forces of the Dominican Liberation Army commanded by Major General José María Cabral ambushed the Spanish royal army under the command of Colonel Herrera.
This victory of the Dominican forces was the only confrontation of some importance won by the Dominican independentists, representing a triumph after August and September 1863.
The men's high jump event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 18 and 19 July 1987.
Rutger Arisz (born 11 February 1970) is a Dutch rower. He won a gold medal at the 1989 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the men's quadruple sculls.
Launch control is an electronic aid to assist drivers of both racing and street cars to accelerate from a standing start. Motorcycles have been variously fitted with mechanical and electronic devices for both street and race.
Popular automobiles with launch control include the BMW M series, certain marques of the Volkswagen Group with Direct-Shift Gearbox (most notably the Bugatti Veyron), Porsche 911 (sport+ mode), Panamera Turbo, Alfa Romeo with TCT gearbox and certain General Motors products. Mitsubishi also incorporated launch control into their Twin Clutch SST gearbox, on its "S-Sport" mode, but the mode is only available in the Evolution X MR and MR Touring (USDM). The Jaguar F-Type includes launch control. The Nissan GT-R has electronics to control launch but the company does not use the term "launch control" since some owners have equated the term with turning off the stability control to launch the car, which may void the warranty of the drivetrain. One version of Nissan GT-R allows user to launch the car by turning the Traction Control to "R" mode.
Roxane Fournier (born 7 November 1991) is a French former racing cyclist, who competed as a professional from 2010 until June 2024.
The Empty Pockets (formerly known as Josh & The Empty Pockets) is an American rock and roll band from Chicago, Illinois. Josh & The Empty Pockets released a Buddy Holly Tribute album in 2007 and Under the Bed in 2008, with Erika Brett featured on two of the songs. The band changed its name to The Empty Pockets following the addition of Erika Brett to its lineup. The Empty Pockets released two EPs, one of which features holiday songs.
The group is composed of four members: Josh Solomon, guitar and lead vocals; Nate Bellon, bass and lead vocals; Adam Balasco, drums; and Erika Brett, keyboard and lead vocals.
Montrouge (French pronunciation: [mɔ̃ʁuʒ] ) is a commune in the southern Parisian suburbs, located 4.4 km (2.7 mi) from the centre of Paris. It is one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe. After a long period of decline, the population has increased again in recent years.
Adam Kokoszka (Polish pronunciation: [ˈadam kɔˈkɔʂka], born 6 October 1986) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a centre-back. Besides Poland, he has played in Italy and Russia.
Dorothy Wyndham Paget (21 February 1905 – 9 February 1960) was a British racehorse owner and sponsor of motor racing.
The Systemic Risk Council was formed in 2012 by The Pew Charitable Trusts and CFA Institute to help ensure the effective implementation of the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related measures related to mitigating systemic risk.
Stefan A. Halper (born June 4, 1944) is an American foreign policy scholar and retired senior fellow at the University of Cambridge where he is a life fellow at Magdalene College. He served as a White House official in the Nixon, Ford, and Reagan administrations, and was reportedly in charge of the spying operation by the 1980 Ronald Reagan presidential campaign that became known as "Debategate". Through his decades of work for the CIA, Halper has had extensive ties to the Bush family. Through his work with Sir Richard Billing Dearlove, he had ties to the British Secret Intelligence Service, MI6.
Halper acted as an FBI informant during the bureau's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. A subsequent Inspector General report later named Halper as a "confidential human source", reporting on the conversations of officials within the Trump campaign.
Dove Real Beauty Sketches is a short film produced in 2013 as part of the Dove Campaign for Real Beauty marketing campaign.  The aim of the film is to show women that they are more beautiful than they think they are by comparing self-descriptions to those of strangers.
In the video, which was produced by the Ogilvy & Mather ad agency, several women describe themselves to a forensic sketch artist who cannot see his subjects.  The same women are then described by strangers whom they met the previous day.  The sketches are compared, with the stranger's image invariably being both more flattering and more accurate.  The differences create strong reactions when shown to the women.
The film created a sensation upon its online release in April 2013, quickly going viral.  More than 15 million people downloaded the video within a week of its release.  Media reaction to the video was mixed.  The Daily Telegraph called it "[Dove's] most thought provoking film yet", while Forbes said it was "powerful", but their reviewer felt that "it’s still focusing too much on appearance."
Madame Agnès was a French milliner who designed hats that were popular from the late 1920s until the 1940s. Her shop was located on the Rue Saint-Honoré.

A sculptor, she associated with people in the art circles of Paris, France. Madame Agnes styled hats that were both abstract and unique.
She preferred wearing only black fashions. In 1929, Madame Agnes wore black satin frocks designed by Vionnet. Her clothes were embellished with bright jewelry like red coral, jade or lapis lazuli.
Skutki [ˈskutki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Młodzieszyn, 11 km (7 mi) north-west of Sochaczew, and 60 km (37 mi) west of Warsaw.
Ashby School, formerly known as Ashby Grammar School, is a co-educational comprehensive secondary school and sixth form in Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire, England. The school is situated in the centre of Ashby on two sites.


Broomfield Hospital  is an acute district general hospital in Chelmsford, Essex. It is managed by the Mid and South Essex NHS Foundation Trust.
The Canonbie Priory was a community of Augustinian canons based at Canonbie in Dumfriesshire, Scotland. It was founded from Jedburgh Abbey after a grant by a minor landlord, Turgis de Rosdale, confirmed by of King William somewhere between 1165 and 1170. The house was small and is badly recorded. It was turned into a secular lordship in 1606, as part of Jedburgh Abbey,  for Alexander, Lord Home.
William Luke Marbury Jr. (September 12, 1901 – March 5, 1988) was a prominent 20th-century American lawyer who practiced with his family's law firm of Marbury, Miller & Evans (later Piper & Marbury, Piper Marbury Rudnick & Wolfe, Piper Rudnick, now DLA Piper). He was known to be a childhood friend of alleged Soviet spy Alger Hiss.
Low and Burbank's Grant is a township in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States. The grant lies entirely within the White Mountain National Forest. As of the 2020 census, the grant had a population of zero.
In New Hampshire, locations, grants, townships (which are different from towns), and purchases are unincorporated portions of a county which are not part of any town and have limited self-government (if any, as many are uninhabited).


The 1914–15 NHA season was the sixth season of the National Hockey Association and played from December 26, 1914, until March 3, 1915. Each team played 20 games. The Ottawa Senators won the NHA championship in a two-game, total goal playoff against the Montreal Wanderers. The Senators, however fell to the Vancouver Millionaires of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association in the Stanley Cup championship. It was the second 'World's Series' between the NHA and the PCHA for the Stanley Cup.
The Bahamian ambassador in Washington, D. C. is the official representative of the Government in Nassau, Bahamas to the Government of the United States.
Timothy Butler (1806–1885) was a 19th-century British figurative sculptor.
His most noteworthy public works are the dolphin lamps lining the Thames Embankment which date from 1870 and were the first lights to be electrified (1878).
Lecithocera dirupta is a moth in the family Lecithoceridae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1923. It is found in southern India.
The wingspan is about 15 millimetres (0.59 in). The forewings are ochreous whitish, slightly sprinkled with fuscous, the base of the costa is dark fuscous. There is a minute black strigula beneath the costa near the base. The stigmata are blackish, the discal forming moderate spots, the plical forming a streak extending from beneath the first discal halfway to the base, an elongate spot beneath the second discal, and extending anteriorly before it. There is some irregular fuscous suffusion around these markings, and the veins between the cell and the termen more or less streaked with dark fuscous suffusion, especially 7 and 8. There is also an irregular terminal line of dark fuscous suffusion. The hindwings are whitish grey.
The 1999 Belgian Grand Prix (formally the LVII Foster's Belgian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 29 August 1999 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Francorchamps, Belgium. It was the twelfth race of the 1999 Formula One World Championship.
The 44-lap race was won by British driver David Coulthard, driving a McLaren-Mercedes, after he started from second position. Finn Mika Häkkinen took pole position in the other McLaren-Mercedes, but Coulthard overtook him at the first corner and went on to lead all 44 laps. Häkkinen finished second, some 10 seconds behind, with German Heinz-Harald Frentzen third in a Jordan-Mugen-Honda.
Häkkinen took back the lead of the Drivers' Championship by one point from Eddie Irvine, who finished fourth in his Ferrari, while McLaren moved into the lead of the Constructors' Championship, nine points ahead of Ferrari.
Former world Champion Damon Hill scored his last points at this race.
Frederick Duncan Michael Haldane   (born 14 September 1951), known as F. Duncan Haldane, is a British-born physicist who is currently the Sherman Fairchild University Professor of Physics at Princeton University. He is a co-recipient of the 2016 Nobel Prize in Physics, along with David J. Thouless and J. Michael Kosterlitz.


PB-15 Sohbatpur (پی بی-15  صحبت پور) is a constituency of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan.
These are lists of all the songs recorded by the gospel blues musician Washington Phillips (1880–1954), arranged both in alphabetical order of title and by recording date. Additional information is given in parentheses.
Inami Station (印南駅, Inami-eki)  is a passenger railway station in located in the town of Inami, Hidaka District, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).


Ludger Schepers (born 18 April 1953) is a German prelate of the Catholic Church who has been an auxiliary bishop of Essen since 2008.
Betéitiva (Spanish pronunciation: [beˈtejtiβa]) a town and municipality in the Valderrama Province, part of the Colombian department of Boyacá. The urban centre of Betétiva is situated at 250 kilometres (160 mi) from the capital Bogotá, 110 kilometres (68 mi) from the department capital Tunja and 45 kilometres (28 mi) from Sogamoso. The municipality, located on the Altiplano Cundiboyacense, borders in the north Belén, in the northeast Paz de Río, in the east Tasco, in the southeast Corrales and in the west with Busbanzá and Cerinza.
Giacomo Valentini (born May 16, 1911, in Rome) was an Italian professional football player.
He played 6 games, and scored 1 goal in the Serie A 1935/36 season for A.S. Roma.
The Men's 90 kg competition at the 2017 World Judo Championships was held on 1 September 2017.
Imperial Treasury may refer to:

Imperial treasury, Istanbul (Hazine-i Âmire), the crown jewels and other treasures of the Ottoman Empire
Imperial treasury, Moscow (Императорская сокровищница), the crown jewels and regalia of the Russian Empire
Imperial treasury, Rome (fiscus), the personal wealth of the Roman emperor.
Imperial Treasury, Vienna (Schatzkammer), the crown jewels and regalia of the Holy Roman Empire
D119 may refer to:

D119 road (Croatia), a state road on island of Lastovo
HMS Delight (D119), a British Royal Navy ship
Jodel D.119, an aircraft
"Der gute Kamerad" ("The Good Comrade"), also known by its opening line as "Ich hatt' einen Kameraden" ("I had a comrade"), is a traditional German anti-war song and soldiers' lament. The lyrics were written by German romantic poet Ludwig Uhland in 1809. Its immediate inspiration was the deployment of Badener troops against the Tyrolean Rebellion. In 1825, the Lieder composer Friedrich Silcher set it to music, based on the tune of a Swiss folk song, in honor of those who fell during the more recent Wars of Liberation against the French Imperial Army of Napoleon Bonaparte.
The lyrics are about the universal wartime experience of losing a friend in combat, while completely detached from any political or nationalist ideology, and twice shift from past tense to present tense in order to explore the subject of traumatic flashbacks, survivor's guilt, and what is now called PTSD. As a result, the song's appeal was overwhelming and has never been limited to any one country or political ideology. It was widely sung and used across the political and nationalist spectrum throughout the 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries, and its lyrics were translated into multiple languages for use in numerous military forces, French, Dutch, Spanish, and Japanese amongst others.
The County Courts of the US state of Nebraska are trial courts with a limited jurisdiction. They are located in every county of the State. There are 12 county judge districts, made up of varying counties, with varying numbers of judges assigned to each district.
On August 13, 1989, 16 inmates at the Davao Metropolitan District Command Center (Davao Metrodiscom), who had previously escaped from the Davao Penal Colony, captured 15 members of a Protestant group, the Joyful Assembly of God. The inmates were part of the prison gang called the Wild Boys of DaPeCol, led by Felipe Pugoy and Mohammad Nazir Samparani. The hostage crisis ended with the deaths of five hostages and all 16 inmates.
This is a list of the genera of click beetles of India (excluding Lakshadweep):
Andrew Davies (born 30 October 1979) is a British long-distance runner and mountain runner. He competed in the men's marathon at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics, placing 31st in 2:17:59.
Davies participated in the 2016 World Long Distance Mountain Running Championships held in Podbrdo, Slovenia. He placed 9th in the men's event, and second in the team event as part of the United Kingdom team.
He represented Wales in the marathon at the Commonwealth Games in 2014 and 2018, finishing 17th and 11th respectively. He was fifth in the 2016 IAU 50 km World Championships, and ran a time of 2:15:11 at the 2017 London Marathon.
In 2018, Davies won the 35-39 age category at the World Masters Mountain Running Championships.
In 2019, he set a personal best of 2:14:36 at the Valencia Marathon. His time there was a new British over-40 record for the marathon.
Viktoriya Fomenko (Ukrainian: Вікторія Фоменко, born 2 October 1970) is a retired Ukrainian sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres.
She competed at the 1994 European Championships, the 1995 World Indoor Championships, and the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final. In the 4 x 100 metres relay she finished fourth at the 1994 European Championships. She was also a part of the disqualified Ukrainian team at the 1997 World Championships. In the 4 x 400 metres relay she competed at the 1995 World Championships and the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Her personal best times are 11.37 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in May 1993 in Kyiv; 22.59 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in June 1996 in Kyiv; and 50.94 seconds in the 400 metres, achieved in May 1996 in Kyiv.
Janusz Majewski (born 29 January 1940) is a Polish fencer. He competed in the individual and team sabre events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
The Maryland Department of Labor (called the Department of Labor, Licensing, and Regulation until 2019) is a government agency in the U.S. state of Maryland. It is headquartered at 1100 North Eutaw Street in Baltimore.
Moggach is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Deborah Moggach (born 1948), English novelist and screenwriter
Douglas Moggach, Canadian philosopher
Lottie Moggach, English journalist and author
Evergreen on the Falls, also known as the Snyder-Carroll House, is an historic 19th century home overlooking the Jones Falls valley and located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a 2+1⁄2-story, brick mansion in a rural version of the Victorian Italianate style. A serious fire in the early 1970s destroyed the furnishings and most of the interior.  It was built about 1860 and was the home of the supervisor of the Mount Vernon Mills, Albert H. Carroll.  It is headquarters of the Maryland Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
Evergreen on the Falls was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Arinbjörn Guðmundsson (22 May 1932 – 2014) was an Icelandic and Australian chess player. He is a Chess Olympiad individual medalist (1960).
The Nebula Award for Best Script was given each year  by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers Association (SFWA) for science fiction or fantasy scripts for movies or television episodes. Awards are also given out for published literary works in the novel, novella, novelette, and short story categories. The Nebula Award for Best Script was awarded annually from 1974 through 1978, and from 2000 through 2009. It was presented under several names; in 1974, 1975, and 1977 the award was for Best Dramatic Presentation, while in 1976 the award was for Best Dramatic Writing. The award was discontinued in 2010 and replaced with Ray Bradbury Nebula Award for Outstanding Dramatic Presentation; this award was not originally a Nebula but was made one retroactively in 2019, and is presented at the Nebula Awards Ceremony and follows Nebula rules and procedures. The Nebula Awards have been described as one of "the most important of the American science fiction awards" and "the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent" of the Emmy Awards.


Sir Drue Drury, 1st Baronet (7 October 1588 – 23 April 1632) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1624.
Drury was the son of Sir Drue Drury of Hedgerley, Buckinghamshire and of Linstead, Kent and  his second wife Catharine Finch, daughter of William Finch, of Linstead. His father was a Gentleman Usher to Queen Elizabeth. He was admitted at Peterhouse, Cambridge in 1607. In 1617 he succeeded to the estates of his father. He also possessed an estate at Riddlesworth, Norfolk. In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for Norfolk. He was elected MP for Thetford in 1624. He was created a baronet on 7 May 1627.
Drury died at the age of 43 and was buried at Riddlesworth where there was a monument.
Drury married  Anne Waldegrave, daughter of Edward Waldegrave, of Lawford, Essex, and his first wife a daughter of Bartholomew Averell, of Essex on 28 June 1608. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his son Drue. His widow remarried to Mr Gleane, of Hardwick, Norfolk and died before May 1642 when her will was proved.
Jess Cramp is an American marine biologist and shark researcher. She is the founder of Sharks Pacific, a non-profit organization focused on compiling and providing data collected during expeditions on sharks and rays in the Cook Islands.
Hogg is a Scottish, English or Irish surname.
Antonio "Toni" Herreros Angrill (born August 24, 1972 in Ponts) is a Spanish slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s (decade). Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of 10th in the C-2 event in Sydney in 2000.
Rigibore is a manufacturer of special tools based in Hayle, Cornwall, UK, and Mukwonago, Wisconsin, US.
Founded in 1983, Rigibore supplies tools, cartridges, units and inserts, generally for use in CNC machining, as well as developing high-precision tooling solutions.  Rigibore won the Institution of Mechanical Engineers Manufacturing Excellence Award for Best SME in 2002 and Best Practice in IT in 2003.
In 2007 the Smartbore product range was launched, which allows fine adjustments to be made to a tool without removing it from a machine spindle.
In 2008 Rigibore launched its ActiveEdge products which utilise a wireless link to allow micrometre-accurate adjustments to be made to tooling.
Caravaggio's Shadow (Italian: L'ombra di Caravaggio) is a 2022  Italian-French historical drama film directed by Michele Placido.
The Selennyakh Range (Russian: Селенняхский хребет, Selennyakhsky Khrebet; Yakut: Силээннээх) is a range of mountains in far North-eastern Russia. Administratively the range is part of the Sakha Republic of the Russian Federation. The town of Deputatsky, capital of the Ust-Yansky District, is located in the area of the range.
Wolxheim (French pronunciation: [wɔlksaim]; Alsatian: Wolixe) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Rodolphus Agricola (Latin: Rudolphus Agricola Phrisius; August 28, 1443, or February 17, 1444 – October 27, 1485) was a Dutch humanist of the Northern Low Countries, famous for his knowledge of Latin and Greek. He was an educator, musician, builder of church organs, a poet in Latin and the vernacular, a diplomat, a boxer and a Hebrew scholar towards the end of his life. Today, he is best known as the author of De inventione dialectica, the father of Northern European humanism and a zealous anti-scholastic in the late fifteenth century.
This is a list of diplomatic missions of Tuvalu. Tuvalu has a population of 12,100, making it the second least populated independent country in the world, ahead of the Vatican (900). It consequently cannot support anything but the barest diplomatic network.
Jolgeh Shoqan District (Persian: بخش جلگه شوقان) is in Jajrom County, North Khorasan province, Iran. Its capital is the city of Shoqan.
In predicate logic, generalization (also universal generalization, universal introduction, GEN, UG) is a valid inference rule. It states that if 
  
    
      
        ⊢
        
        P
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \vdash \!P(x)}
  
 has been derived, then 
  
    
      
        ⊢
        
        ∀
        x
        
        P
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle \vdash \!\forall x\,P(x)}
  
 can be derived.
Spring Lake is an unincorporated community located in the town of Marion, Waushara County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located at the intersection of County Road F and N.
The Rukmini Devi Temple is a temple in Dwarka, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) away from Dwarka, Gujarat, India. It is dedicated to Goddess Rukmini (Lord Krishna's chief queen, beloved consort and the incarnation of Devi Mahalakshmi in Dvapara Yuga). The temple is said to be 2,500 years old but in its present form it is inferred to belong to the 12th century.
It is a richly carved temple decorated with sculptures of gods and goddesses on the exterior with the sanctum housing the main image of Rukmini. Carved naratharas (human figures) and carved gajatharas (elephants) are depicted in panels at the base of the tower.
The present structure of temple is inferred to belong to the 19th century.
The temple is also known for its jal daan (water offering) custom where devotees are asked to donate water to temple. 

The sanctum of the temple has a beautiful marble idol of Devi Rukmani, with four hands holding Shanka, Chakra, Gada and Padma.
The yatra to Dwarka is said to be completed only after you take darshan of Dwarkeshwari Rukmini Maharani
Podemos Euskadi-Ahal Dugu Euskadi (Spanish: [poˈðemos], translated in English as "Basque Country We Can") is a left-wing to far-left political party in the Basque Autonomous Community in Spain. It is the Basque federation of the Spanish state-level ("national level") political party Podemos.
The political party Podemos Euskadi has a present (seats) in the Basque Parliament, in the legislatures of Biscay, Gipuzkoa and Álava (General Assemblies) and in different municipalities of the Basque Autonomous Community, including the three Basque capitals (Bilbao, Donostia and Vitoria-Gasteiz). It also had a presence in the Congress of Deputies (2015–2023) and in the Senate of Spain (2015–2019).
The current general secretary is Pilar Garrido, since 2020.
The political party is settled and rooted in Euskadi, with a Basqueist and pro-Basque position. The party has positioned itself and is publicly positioning itself in favor of the right to decide and of a self-determination referendum, agreed with the State, following the models of Scotland or Quebec. In the words of Miren Gorrotxategi, "we defend the referendum as a democratic instrument".
On the other hand, Podemos Euskadi has also been pro-Basque language, supporting the educational immersion model in Basque, in favor of making totally free the learning of the Basque or in favor of initiatives to boost the Basque.
This party (and the political space it represents) is usually called "Confederal Left", due to its defense of the right to decide, the self-determination referendum (Canadian model), the sovereignty of the Basque Country or the "national character" of the Basque Country (the "reality made up of social, linguistic, historical, economic and cultural ties" that make up the Basque Country or "Euskal Herria").
Podemos Euskadi is a member of The Left in the European Parliament – GUE/NGL.
Orplid is a neofolk, martial, post-industrial and experimental music group of German musicians, Uwe Nolte and Frank Machau. The name is drawn from the poem Gesang Weylas by Eduard Mörike, beginning ‘Du bist Orplid, mein Land’ ('You are Orplid, my land'). Orplid in the poem is a faraway fantasy land. The band has progressed over the course of their discography from acoustic folk peppered with instruments like the piano, organ, and cello, to a more experimental minimalistic style.


SS Delphic was an ocean liner of the White Star Line, built by Harland and Wolff in Belfast and completed on 15 May 1897. She worked the New Zealand trade. She was a fairly slow ship primarily intended for transporting emigrants and goods to New Zealand. Despite this, she made her first crossings on the New York route before joining the route to New Zealand. For twenty years, her service on this route was uneventful, with the exception of troop transport missions during the Second Boer War.
World War I did not disturb her service until March 1917, when she was requisitioned to serve in the war effort. It was during a crossing to South America, the following May, that the ship was torpedoed by the German submarine UC-72. Five people were killed, but the ship sank slowly enough that the rest of the crew could be evacuated, before the ship was sunk by additional torpedoes.
This is a list of recordings made by the Alexandrov Ensemble (under various titles) since 1928. Within each section (CDs, LPs, 78s etc.) they are in alphabetical order of record labels.
Pallavi Model Schools, is a group of English medium co-educational schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi, India. CBSE Curriculum from Class I to XII.
The Pallavi educational society has initiated Pallavi Model School in June 1994. The Pallavi Group of schools celebrated its Silver Jubilee in 2019
Mario Bytyçi (born 22 February 1985) is a former Albanian professional footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for KF Burreli in the Albanian First Division.
Peta Sergeant is a Malaysian-born Australian actress best known for her lead role in the Australian television series Satisfaction. She graduated from NIDA.
The Division of Kingston is an Australian Electoral Division in South Australia covering the outer southern suburbs of Adelaide. The 171 km2 seat stretches from Hallett Cove and O'Halloran Hill in the north to Maslin Beach in the south, including the suburbs of Aberfoyle Park, Christie Downs, Christies Beach, Flagstaff Hill, Hackham, Hallett Cove, Huntfield Heights, Lonsdale, Maslin Beach, Moana, Morphett Vale, Old Noarlunga, Onkaparinga Hills, Port Noarlunga, Reynella, Seaford, Sheidow Park, Port Willunga, Trott Park, Woodcroft, and parts of Happy Valley and McLaren Flat.
The Made in Taiwan (Chinese: 臺灣製造; pinyin: Táiwān zhìzào; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-oân Chè-chō) (frequently depicted as "MIT") is the country of origin label affixed to products to indicate that the said product is made in Taiwan. As the economy of Taiwan increased production, the Made in Taiwan label was applied to products ranging from textiles, plastic toys, and bikes in the 1980s to laptops and computer chips in the 1990s; over 80% of the world's notebook computer design is made in Taiwan. In the 1980s, "Made in Taiwan" became iconic earning Taiwan recognition around the world.
In 1991, the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) commissioned design firm Bright & Associates to improve the quality and image of the Made in Taiwan brand.
In 2010, there was a push by the Ministry of Economic Affairs to promote certified made-in-Taiwan products in Taiwan, including stocking participating items at major chain stores.
Augustin François César Prouvençal de Saint-Hilaire (4 October 1779 – 3 September 1853) was French botanist and traveller who was born and died in Orléans, France. A keen observer, he is credited with important discoveries in botany, notably the direction of the radicle in the embryo sac and the double point of attachment of certain ovules. He also described two families, the Paronychiae and the Tamariscinae, as well as many genera and species.
Kunderang East Pastoral Station is a heritage-listed former pastoral station at Jeogla, Armidale Regional Council, New South Wales, Australia. It was built from 1892 to 1893 by Joe Small. It is also known as Cunderang / Kunderang station or Apsley Gorges. The property is owned by the Office of Environment and Heritage (State Government). It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Events from the year 1709 in Great Britain.
The Links is an American, invitation-only, social and service organization of prominent black women in the United States. Founded in 1946, it is the largest nationwide organization of prominent black women in the United States. Members include Kamala Harris, Marian Wright Edelman, and the late Betty Shabazz.
As of 2021, there were 16,000 members in nearly 300 chapters. The organization was founded in Philadelphia, but since 2022, it is headquartered in Washington, D.C.


Ami Aspelund (born Anne-Marie Aspelund on 7 September 1953) is a Finnish singer. She is the younger sister of singer Monica Aspelund.


A psychic vampire is a creature in folklore said to feed off the "life force" of other living creatures. The term can also be used to describe a person who gets increased energy around other people, but leaves those other people exhausted or "drained" of energy. Psychic vampires are represented in the occult beliefs of various cultures and in fiction.


Acleris avicularia is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Guatemala.
A Heronian tetrahedron (also called a Heron tetrahedron or perfect pyramid) is a tetrahedron whose edge lengths, face areas and volume are all integers. The faces must therefore all be Heronian triangles (named for Hero of Alexandria).
Every Heronian tetrahedron can be arranged in Euclidean space so that its vertex coordinates are also integers.
Adamson Bratson Musanda Mushala was a Zambian insurgent who led a resistance movement against the one-party government of President Kenneth Kaunda from 1975 until his death in 1982, when he was killed by officers of the Zambia Army.
QPac is the debut studio album by American rapper Quando Rondo. It was released on January 10, 2020, by Never Broke Again and Atlantic Records, following his 2019 mixtape From the Neighborhood to the Stage. The album's name makes reference to 2Pac. It features guest appearances from 2 Chainz, A Boogie wit da Hoodie, Lil Durk, Luh Kel and Polo G. The album also features production from several prestigious artists such as CashMoneyAP, JetsonMade, MP808, Tahj Money, and TnTXD.
QPac was supported by five singles: "Just Keep Going", "Double C's", "Marvelous" featuring Polo G, "Collect Calls", and "Bad Vibe" featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie and 2 Chainz.  The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. It debuted at number 22 on the US Billboard 200 chart, earning 20,000 album-equivalent units in its first week.
The 7th Congress of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), the ruling party of North Korea, was held on 6–9 May 2016.
The Pitchfork Music Festival 2016 was held on July 15 to 17, 2016 at the Union Park, Chicago, United States. The festival lineup was announced on February 19, 2016.
Kura was a god worshiped in Ebla (modern Tell Mardikh in Syria) in the third millennium BCE. He was the tutelary god of the city, as well as the head of the local pantheon. While his functions are difficult to ascertain, it is well attested that he was connected to the institution of kingship.
The etymology of his name is presently unknown, and it is commonly assumed that it belongs to an unknown linguistic substrate, similar to the names of some of the other Eblaite deities, such as  Aštabi, Hadabal or Išḫara.
Kura's spouse was the goddess Barama, who like him was only worshiped in Ebla. After the destruction of the city both of them disappear from records. A number of proposals have been made regarding identification of deities attested from later periods with Kura, but most of them are not widely accepted.
Kozhi Koovuthu may refer to:

Kozhi Koovuthu (1982 film), a 1982 Tamil-language Indian feature film
Kozhi Koovuthu (2012 film), a 2012 Indian film
STF may refer to:
The Diamond Quadrilateral is a project of the Indian Railways to establish a high-speed rail network in India. 
The Diamond Quadrilateral will connect the four mega cities of India, viz. Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai, similar to the Golden Quadrilateral highway system.
High-speed train on Mumbai-Ahmedabad section will be the first high-speed train corridor to be implemented in the country. On 9 June 2014, the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee, officially declared that the Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch a Diamond Quadrilateral project of high-speed trains.
Benjamin Dionne (1798 – June 28, 1883) was a businessman and political figure in Canada East.
He was born at Kamouraska in 1798. He entered business at Cacouna as a merchant around 1825. He served as lieutenant-colonel in the local militia and also as mayor of Cacouna. In 1854, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Témiscouata; he was reelected in 1858.
He died at Cacouna in 1883.
His daughter Arthémise married seigneur Charles Bertrand who became a member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Siti is an Indonesian and Malay female given name, derived from the Arabic honorific sayyidati, meaning "mistress".
Notable people with this name include:

Siti Adiyati, Indonesian artist
Siti Aishah Shaik Ismail, Malaysian politician
Siti Aisyah Alias, Malaysian marine researcher
Siti Aisyah We Tenriolle
Siti Ashah Ghazali, Malaysian politician
Siti Badriah (born 1991), Indonesian singer
Siti Berenee Yahaya, Malaysian politician
Siti Chamamah Soeratno, Indonesian scholar
Siti Fadia Silva Ramadhanti (born 2000), Indonesian badminton player
Siti Fadilah Supari (born 1949), Indonesian politician
Siti Hardiyanti Rukmana (born 1949), Indonesian politician
Siti Hartati Murdaya (born 1946), Indonesian criminal
Siti Hartinah, Indonesian first lady
Siti Hasmah Mohamad Ali (born 1926)
Siti Kamaluddin
Siti Mariah Mahmud (born 1958), Malaysian politician
Siti Masitha Soeparno, Indonesian businesswoman and politician
Siti Munirah Jusoh
Siti Musdah Mulia (born 1958), Indonesian women's right activist
Siti Noor Halimi Hussain (born 1984), Malaysian futsal player
Siti Noor Iasah Mohamad Ariffin (born 1989), Malaysian paralympic athlete
Siti Noor Radiah Ismail (born 1993), Malaysian paralympian
Siti Noordjannah Djohantini
Siti Nordiana (born 1984), Malaysian celebrity
Siti Norma Yaakob (born 1940), Malaysian judge
Siti Nur Adibah Akma Mohd Fuad (born 1999), Malaysian cyclist
Siti Nurbaya Bakar (born 1956), Indonesian politician
Siti Nurhaliza
Siti Oetari
Siti Qomariyah (born 1967) , Indonesian politician
Siti Rahmah Kassim (1926–2017)
Siti Ruhani (born 1987), Malaysian hockey player
Siti Rukiah (1927–1996), Indonesian author
Siti binti Saad (1880–1950), Tanzanian singer
Siti Saerah (1928–2013), Bruneian royalty
Siti Safiyah, Malaysian ten-pin bowler
Siti Saleha (born 1990), Malaysian actress and model
Siti Sarah (1984–2021), Malaysian singer and actress
Siti Wan Kembang
Siti Zaharah Sulaiman, Malaysian politician
Siti Zailah Mohd Yusoff (born 1963), Malaysian politician
Siti Zainon Ismail (born 1949), Malaysian author
Siti Zalina Ahmad (born 1979), Malaysian lawn bowler
Marie-Anne Elisabeth "Elise" la Flotte, or de Flotte, née Reboul (1779 in Smyrna – 25 March 1815 in Paris), was a French lady's companion, lady-in-waiting of the French Crown Princess of Sweden Désirée Clary, consort of Jean Baptiste Bernadotte.
Elise la Flotte was raised in a French convent school and the school comrade of Désirée Clary. In 1795 she married Paul-Fulcrand de Flotte (1770-1800), an officer of the French navy.  After having become widowed, she was employed as a companion of her former school comrade, Désirée Clary. 
In January 1811, she accompanied Désirée to Sweden, were the latter's spouse had been elected heir to the throne.  She was the only French courtier Désirée brought with her to Sweden.
Elise la Flotte has been blamed for the bad impression Désirée made during her stay in Sweden as Crown Princess.  Reportedly, la Flotte encouraged Désirée constant complaints about everything non-French, and amused her caricaturing the court and surroundings, which was reported and disliked.  Robert von Rosen called her "la flotte ennemie" ('Enemy Fleet').
The Crown Prince tried to force his consort to send la Flotte away, but she refused to do so.   According to Queen Hedvig Elizabeth Charlotte, Elise la Flotte was also to blame for the harassment the Swedish head lady-in-waiting Countess Caroline Lewenhaupt was exposed to by the Crown Princess, because she wanted her position.  Finally, the Crown Prince asked the King to appoint la Flotte the deputy of Lewenhaupt and second chief lady-in-waiting, which was done.  Élise la Flotte had an affair with Gustaf Löwenhielm, who was then referred to as "l'amiral de la Flotte".
During this period, the French minister in Stockholm, Charles Jean Marie d'Alquier, tried to influence the Crown Prince through his French entourage, and la Flotte was apparently his most active agent among them along with Sevret.  d'Alquier also tried to make Désirée affect her consort, when d'Alquier met her with la Flotte. 
Finally, Elise La Flotte was blamed for the fact that Désirée returned to France in June 1811: in 1816, Désirée's son stated that his mother had stayed away so long mostly because of Elise la Flotte, and that he hoped that she would now return after the death of la Flotte.
She is portrayed in the famous novel Desirée (1952) by Annemarie Selinko.
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 10000 metres W50 division of Masters athletics.

Key

  Incomplete information
  Pending


The SEPR 84 is a family of liquid-propellant rocket engines used as boosters for the Dassault Mirage III mixed-power high-altitude interceptor aircraft of the 1960s. The engine was one of several similar developed by SEPR (Société d'Etudes pour la Propulsion par Réaction).
The men's 1,500m metres was an event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. The final was held on Sunday 10 September 1972 and was contested by 10 athletes. The semi-finals were held on Saturday 9 September 1972 and were contested by 27 athletes. The heats were held on Friday 8 September 1972 and 71 athletes entered, with 66 runners from 46 nations competing. The maximum number of athletes per nation had been set at 3 since the 1930 Olympic Congress. The event was won by Pekka Vasala of Finland, the nation's first championship in the 1500 metres since back-to-back wins in 1924 and 1928. Kipchoge Keino of Kenya came half a second short of becoming the first man to successfully defend Olympic gold in the event; instead, his silver made him just the second man to win two medals of any color in the 1500 metres.


The Voluntary Militia for National Security (Italian: Milizia Volontaria per la Sicurezza Nazionale, MVSN), commonly called the Blackshirts (Italian: Camicie Nere, CCNN, singular: Camicia Nera) or squadristi (singular: squadrista), was originally the paramilitary wing of the National Fascist Party, known as the Squadrismo, and after 1923 an all-volunteer militia of the Kingdom of Italy under Fascist rule, similar to the SA. Its members were distinguished by their black uniforms (modelled on those of the Arditi, Italy's elite troops of World War I) and their loyalty to Benito Mussolini, the Duce (leader) of Fascism, to whom they swore an oath. The founders of the paramilitary groups were nationalist intellectuals, former army officers and young landowners opposing peasants' and country labourers' unions. Their methods became harsher as Mussolini's power grew, and they used violence and intimidation against Mussolini's opponents. In 1943, following the fall of the Fascist regime, the MVSN was integrated into the Royal Italian Army and disbanded.
Tzurit (Hebrew: צוּרִית) is a community settlement in northern Israel. Located in the western Galilee region, west of Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2022 it had a population of 949.
A kelong (or kellong) is an offshore platform built predominantly with wood, which can be found in waters off Malaysia, the Philippines and Indonesia. Only a handful remain around Singapore due to rapid urbanisation.
Kelongs are built by fishermen primarily for fishing or fish farming purposes, although larger structures can also function as dwellings for them and their families.
Structurally, kelongs are often built without the need for nails, using rattan to bind tree trunks and wooden planks together. The decks of some kelongs have open spaces with nets that hang partially in the water, allowing for captured fish to be kept live until they are sold or cooked. Anchored into the sea bed using wooden piles of about 20 m in length and driven about six metres into the sea, they are usually sited in shallow water, although some can be found in deeper waters. Some kelongs are less isolated and are connected to land via a wooden gangway. Other variants of kelongs can be mobile, with some portion of the building floating freely. Some buildings are large, being made up of groups of kelongs joined together into a massive offshore community.
Adolf Marschall von Bieberstein (10 March 1806 – 11 September 1891) was a Baden politician and diplomat.


Love Kills may refer to:

Love Kills (film), a 1998 American film by Mario Van Peebles
Sid and Nancy: Love Kills, a 1986 British film by Alex Cox
Love Kills (1973 film), an alternate name for the Italian film Cry of a Prostitute
Love Kills (band), a Canadian alternative rock band
Love Kills!, a 2000 album by In Strict Confidence
"Love Kills" (Freddie Mercury song), 1984
"Love Kills" (Roberto Bellarosa song), 2013
"Love Kills", the title track by Joe Strummer from the film Sid and Nancy: Love Kills
"Love Kills", a song  by hardcore punk band Circle Jerks that appeared on the soundtrack of Sid and Nancy: Love Kills and their album VI
"Love Kills", a song by The Ramones from their 1986 album Animal Boy
"Love Kills", a song by Robyn from her 2010 album Body Talk Pt. 2
The Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986, sometimes referred to as ASPA, is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (1986 c. 14) passed in 1986, which regulates the use of animals used for research in the UK. The Act permits studies to be conducted using animals for procedures such as breeding genetically modified animals, medical and veterinary advances, education, environmental toxicology and includes procedures requiring surgery, if certain criteria are met. Revised legislation came into force on 1 January 2013. The original act related to the 1986 EU Directive 86/609/EEC  which was updated and replaced by EU Directive 2010/63/EU
In 2002, a Government select committee inquiry described the Act as the "...tightest system of regulation in the world" in relation to the regulation of using animals for research.
Gjøvdal Church (Norwegian: Gjøvdal kyrkje) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Åmli Municipality in Agder county, Norway. It is located in the village of Askland in the Gjøvdal valley. It is the church for the Gjøvdal parish which is part of the Aust-Nedenes prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Agder og Telemark. The white, wooden church was built in a long church design in 1803 using plans drawn up by the architect Gjermund Gunnarson Veum. The church seats about 200 people.
David Sage is an American television actor known for his various roles in television in the 1980s and 1990s. Among the many shows he was in, Sage appeared in such shows as: The Practice, The West Wing, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Seinfeld, L.A. Law, Murder, She Wrote, Monsters, and Hill Street Blues.
He also appeared in the TV movie Rock Hudson (1990) as Harold Rhoden (a Los Angeles lawyer) and Cannibal Holocaust (1985).


Tekax Municipality (Yucatec Maya: "rejected tea or forest of Kax trees") is a municipality in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (3,819.61 km2) of land and is located roughly 125 kilometres (78 mi) southeast of the city of Mérida.
Trustmark is an American commercial bank and financial services company headquartered in Jackson, Mississippi, United States, with subsidiaries Trustmark National Bank, Trustmark Investment Advisors, and Fisher Brown Bottrell Insurance. The bank's initial predecessor, The Jackson Bank, was chartered by the State of Mississippi in 1889. Through numerous acquisitions and name changes, the Trustmark brand began in 1971, and the bank now serves Mississippi, Alabama, the Florida Panhandle, Memphis, and Houston. In 2017, the bank was named the "best regional bank" in the South, by Kiplinger's, and named a "best-in-state" bank by Forbes in 2021.


Joe Hung (Chinese: 洪健昭; February 15, 1932 – February 20, 2018) was a Taiwanese journalist, diplomat, and translator. He served as a foreign correspondent for the Central News Agency (CNA) from 1974 until 1989, as well as the President of CNA from 1990 until 1992 and chairman from 1992 to 1993 and again 2009 until 2011. Hung also joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' diplomatic corp during the 1990s. He served as the Representative of Taiwan to Italy from 1993 until 2000.
AMD PowerPlay is the brand name for a set of technologies for the reduction of the energy consumption implemented in several of AMD's graphics processing units and APUs supported by their proprietary graphics device driver "Catalyst". AMD PowerPlay is also implemented into ATI/AMD chipsets which integrated graphics and into AMD's Imageon handheld chipset, that was sold to Qualcomm in 2008.
Besides the desirable goal to reduce energy consumption, AMD PowerPlay helps to lower the noise levels created by the cooling in desktop computers and extend battery life in mobile devices. AMD PowerPlay has been succeeded by AMD PowerTune.
Michael Felix Korum (born 2 November 1840 in Wickerschwihr; d. 4 December 1921 in Trier) was Bishop of Trier from  1881 to 1921.
He was appointed by Pope Leo XIII on 12 August 1881 and was ordained two days afterwards by Raffaele Monaco La Valletta.
Brian Battese (born 25 March 1961) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played as a second-row forward in the 1980s. He played in the Brisbane Rugby League and New South Wales Rugby League premierships.
Rbai Rafid al-Sabti, known in full as Rafid al-Rishama Abdallah al-Ganzibra Zahrun al-Rishama Abdallah al-Sabti (Arabic: رافد الريشاما عبدالله الگنزبرا نجم الگنزبرا زهرون الريشاما  عبدالله السبتي كنيانا عزيز; born 1965, Iraq), is an Iraqi-Dutch Mandaean priest in Nijmegen, Netherlands.
The 1924 North Texas State Teachers Eagles football team was an American football team that represented the North Texas State Teachers College (now known as the University of North Texas) during the 1924 college football season as a member of the Texas Intercollegiate Athletic Association (TIAA). In their fifth year under head coach Theron J. Fouts, the team compiled an overall record of 5–3–1 with a mark of 4–1–1 in conference play, placing second in the TIAA.
Allorhynchium concolor is a species of wasp in the family Vespidae.
Maharaja Rana Shri  Bhavsinhji Madhavsinhji Sahib Bahadur (26 December 1867 – 10 December 1908) was the Maharaja of Porbandar belonging to Jethwa dynasty, who ascended the throne of princely state of Porbandar on 15 September 1900 and ruled  till his death in 1908.
He was the grandson of Rana of Porbandar, Rana Shri Vikramatji Khimojiraj Sahib. His father, Madhavsinhji Vikramatji was eldest son of Vikramatji, who died in 1869, when Bhavsinhji was still an infant. Bhavsinhji was educated at Rajkumar College, Rajkot and later served in many administrative posts of Porbandar State. He ascended the throne on 15 September 1900 upon death of his grandfather, Rana Vikramatji.
He administered the state effectively and Porbandar was restored to its position as a First Class with full judicial and administrative powers, which had been relegated to a third class state during reign of his predecessor, Rana Vikramatji.
In 1903, he  attended the Coronation Durbar at Delhi and received the Delhi Durbar gold medal.
He died at Porbandar on 10 December 1908. After, his death his only son, from several marriages, Shri Natwarsinhji Bhavsinhji ascended the throne.
Chris Bourke Doty (September 8, 1966 – February 2, 2006) was a Canadian journalist, historian, award-winning documentary filmmaker, author and playwright, noted for his many contributions to the cultural life of his hometown of London, Ontario.
A graduate of Tecumseh Public School, London South Collegiate Institute and the journalism school at the University of Western Ontario in 1991, Doty grew up on tree-lined Lyndhurst Place in old south London, where he was a paper boy for The London Free Press during his formative years.
The Hit Sound of Dean Martin is a 1966 studio album by Dean Martin arranged by Ernie Freeman and Billy Strange.
This was the third of five albums that Martin released in 1966, that year he also starred in three films and appeared in his own television show. The Hit Sound of Dean Martin peaked at 50 on the Billboard 200, and was still on the charts in the second week of February 1967. In contrast to the chart performance of his recent LP's, The Hit Sound of Dean Martin marked a waning in his chart popularity as it only became his first LP since 1964's Everybody Loves Somebody not to go gold.
The album combines newly recorded material with previously issued singles and B sides. The album featured Martin's singles "Come Running Back" and "A Million and One", respectively Top 40 pop and Top Five easy listening hits, with six newly recorded songs. "Shades" by Lee Hazlewood that appears on the album had previously been issued as the B side to "A Million and One". Two tracks, "Any Time" and "Ain't Gonna Try Anymore," from this album had been released originally on Martin's 1963 album Dean "Tex" Martin: Country Style. The song "Any Time" was appearing for the third time on an LP by Martin, having also featured on his album Somewhere There's a Someone, released earlier in 1966.
The Hit Sound of Dean Martin was reissued on CD by Hip-O Records in 2009.
Choluria (or bilirubinuria) is a symptom defining an abnormal darkness of the urine, mainly due to a high level of conjugated bilirubin.  Choluria is a common symptom of liver diseases, such as hepatitis and cirrhosis. It can be described as dark or brown urine, often referred to as the color of Coca-Cola. The presence of choluria is a useful symptom to distinguish if somebody presenting with jaundice has liver disease (direct hyperbilirubinaemia) or haemolysis (indirect hyperbilirubinaemia). In the first case, patients have choluria due to excess conjugated ("direct") bilirubin in blood, which is eliminated by the kidneys. Haemolysis, on the other hand, is characterized by unconjugated ("indirect") bilirubin, which is not water-soluble and is bound to albumin, and thus not eliminated in urine.


Ali Said Hassan (Somali: Cali Saciid Xasan, Arabic: علي سعيد حسن) (born 1950) is a Somali film producer, director, former photojournalist and archive collector.
Aria Guitars Co. is a Japanese manufacturer of musical instruments. The company, sited in the city of Nagoya, produces electric, acoustic and classical guitars, electric basses and ukuleles through its brands Laule'A, Mojo Gig Bags, Fiesta, José Antonio, Pignose and Kelii.
Operadora Ferroviaria Sociedad del Estado (SOFSE), trading as Trenes Argentinos Operaciones, is an Argentine state-owned company created in 2008 to operate passenger services in Argentina. It operates as a division of Ferrocarriles Argentinos S.E..
Since March 2015 SOFSE has run the Buenos Aires commuter rail services Mitre, San Martín, Roca and Belgrano Sur lines previously operated by private companies.
Wellington Jeffers Morden (September 28, 1837 – December 26, 1928) was mayor of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, from 1902 to 1903.
The Stag Hunt mosaic (c. 300 BC) is a mosaic from a wealthy home of the late 4th century BC, the so-called "House of the Abduction of Helen" (or "House of the Rape of Helen"), in Pella, the capital of the Macedonian Kingdom. It bears the signature of the Ancient Greek artist Gnosis, of whom very little is known. It is now located in the Archaeological Museum of Pella, Central Macedonia, Greece.
The Donskiye Islands form a small archipelago, including Warriner Island and Redfearn Island, off Breidnes Peninsula in the Vestfold Hills of Princess Elizabeth Land, Antarctica.
Epic is a novel written by Conor Kostick.  It is the first book in the Avatar Chronicles trilogy and was published in 2004 by The O'Brien Press Ltd.
Baroness Paula von Gunther is a supervillain appearing in DC Comics publications and related media, commonly as a foe of the superhero Wonder Woman. She debuted in 1942's Sensation Comics (vol. 1) #4, written by Wonder Woman creator William Moulton Marston and illustrated by Harry G. Peter, and holds a distinction as Wonder Woman's first recurring adversary. Though in her earliest appearances she was a cold-blooded Nazi spy and saboteur, the Baroness would reform into Wonder Woman's ally (albeit one who occasionally lapsed into villainy), appearing in Wonder Woman stories throughout the Golden, Silver and Bronze Age of Comics. 
After DC Comics rebooted its continuity in 1985 (in a publication event known as the Crisis on Infinite Earths), Wonder Woman, her supporting characters and many of her foes were re-imagined and reintroduced. Though initially absent in this revised set of storylines, the Baroness would eventually be reintroduced to the continuity in 1998 by Wonder Woman writer/artist John Byrne who returned the character to her roots as a villainous Nazi mastermind. Re-imagined by Byrne as a devotee of the occult who placed her mystical knowledge at the service of the Third Reich, she became a vessel for the malevolent supernatural entity Dark Angel.
The Baroness has been adapted into several Wonder Woman-related television projects. She was played by Christine Belford in 1976 on the live-action ABC TV series Wonder Woman, and voiced by Eliza Schneider in the 2011 Warner Bros animated series Batman: The Brave and the Bold.
Mental toughness is a measure of individual resilience and confidence that may predict success in sport, education, and the workplace. The concept emerged in the context of sports training, as one of a set of attributes that allow a person to become a better athlete and able to cope with difficult training and difficult competitive situations and emerge without losing confidence. The term has been used by coaches, sport psychologists, sports commentators, and business leaders.
Mental toughness can be thought of as the applications of grit characteristics. Additional synonyms might include: resilience, determined, strong-willed, and stalwart. A person who has the qualities of mental toughness might accept challenges as they arise aiding them to achieve their goals whether that be in sports, academics, or in their professions.
Elvin Semrad (August 10, 1909 – July 1, 1976) was a prominent American psychoanalytic psychiatrist.  He was noted for his ability to establish a rapport with deeply troubled individuals. He was one of the most influential teachers of psychotherapy in his time and he had been trained by a close associate of Sigmund Freud.


Labor intensity is the relative proportion of labor (compared to capital) used in any given process. Its inverse is capital intensity. Labor intensity is sometimes associated with agrarianism, while capital intensity is sometimes associated with industrialism.
Labor intensity has been declining since the onset of the Industrial Revolution in the late 1700s, while its inverse, capital intensity, has increased nearly exponentially since the latter half of the 20th century.
Haccou or Haccoû is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Johannes Cornelis Haccou (1798 - 1839), Dutch painter
Jacobus Franciscus Haccoû (1903 - 1972), Dutch economist
Patricia Haccou (born 1957), Dutch mathematician
Tobias Haccou (born 1999), Dutch ISSF athlete
Currams is a surname of Irish origin. Notable people with the surname include:

Dan Currams (born 1987), Irish hurler
Liam Currams (born 1961), Irish hurler
USS Knave (AM-256) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic during World War II and  was decommissioned in May 1946 and placed in reserve. While she remained in reserve, Knave was reclassified as MSF-256 in February 1955 but never reactivated. In October 1962, she was sold to the Mexican Navy and renamed ARM DM-13. In 1994, she was renamed ARM Cadete Juan Escutia (C56). She was stricken in 2000, but her ultimate fate is not reported in secondary sources.
Alfred Paxton Backhouse (25 May 1851 – 1 August 1939) was an Australian judge of the District Court of New South Wales, and occasional acting Supreme Court judge. He presided over the trials of the leaders of the 1892 Broken Hill miners' strike, and was an active faculty member of the University of Sydney for over fifty years.
İplik Pazarı Mosque (Turkish: İplik Pazarı Camii) is a mosque in the Iplik Bazar–Korkut Effendi quarter in the walled city of Nicosia, currently located in North Nicosia. It is located on İplik Pazarı Street. Its minaret is one of the very few in Cyprus to have a stone cap.
The Honorary Citizen Award is the highest national honour conferred by the Government of Singapore to foreigners since 2003, to recognise and acknowledge the contributions of foreigners who have contributed extensively and significantly to Singapore and its people.
Saak (transl. Nuptial) is a 2019 Indian Punjabi-language romantic drama film written and directed by Kamaljit Singh. The film is produced by Jatinder Jay Minhas, Rupinder Preet Minhas, under banners Minhas Films Pvt Ltd and Minhas Lawyers LLP Presentation. It stars Jobanpreet Singh, Mandy Takhar and set in backdrop of 1947, it follows the story of an armyman who falls in love with a girl whose parents don't like armyman as their son-in-law. It was released on 6 September 2019.
LWJ may refer to:

FDD's Long War Journal, an American news website which reports on the War on terror
LWJ, the station code for Lowjee railway station, Maharashtra, India
Petrovac (Montenegrin: Петровац, pronounced [pětrɔ̝v̞at͡s]), sometimes also known as Petrovac by the Sea (Montenegrin: Петровац на Мору).
Petrovac, is a town in Coastal region of Montenegro. It is located on the coast between Budva and Bar, where the old mountain road from Podgorica reaches the coast is being the most famous Montenegrin myth and legend about the city that doesn't exist. It has a 600 m long sandy beach and it is a popular tourist destination. Petrovac is seen as a somewhat "calmer" resort, in contrast to the lively and developed nearby towns of Budva and Sutomore.
Alludu Seenu (transl. Son-in-law Seenu) is a 2014 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film directed by V. V. Vinayak. Produced by Bellamkonda Suresh on his banner Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions, the film marks the debut of his son Bellamkonda Sreenivas with Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Prakash Raj, Pradeep Rawat, and Brahmanandam in lead roles. Devi Sri Prasad composed the music for this film while Chota K. Naidu and Gautham Raju handled the cinematography and editing of the film, respectively.
The film was officially launched on 15 February 2013 in Hyderabad. After altering the bound script twice, the film's principal photography commenced at Annapoorna Studios in Hyderabad in October 2013. Majority of the film was shot in and around Hyderabad while significant portions were shot at Alleppey in Kerala. The songs were shot in the locales of Japan, Dubai and Italy apart from the sets built in Hyderabad. After completion of a few action sequences at Gachibowli Aluminium Factory in Hyderabad, the film's principal photography came to an end on 14 June 2014.
The film released worldwide on 25 July 2014. Upon release, the film was met with mixed reviews, with critics naming the film a commercial entertainer. While they praised the cast performances(Sreenivas and Samantha), and Brahmanandam's and Prakash Raj's supporting performances, they were unsupportive of the film's predictable narrative and placement of the song numbers. Even though the critics called it a "commercial entertainer," the film failed to recoup its budget at the box office, grossing under ₹39 crores worldwide. Later the film was dubbed in Hindi as Mard Ka Badla (2019). Sai Srinivas won Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut – South. Later the film was dubbed into Malayalam as Aliyan Sreeni and Tamil as Mappilai Seenu.


Stenia Liliane Michel (born 23 October 1987) is a retired Swiss footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for FC Basel of the Swiss Nationalliga A. She previously played for FF USV Jena of the German Bundesliga, and FC Zürich of Switzerland's Nationalliga A, who were known as SV Seebach until 2008. Michel has been a member of the Switzerland national team since 2005, but did not make her debut until March 2014, a 1–1 draw with South Korea at the 2014 Cyprus Cup.
Michel became Switzerland's first-choice goalkeeper in the run up to the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup, because rival Gaëlle Thalmann had suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury.
National Comics Publications and All-American Publications, two precursors to DC Comics, were formed publishing American comic books such as superhero comics starting in the 1930s. Primary Comic book anthology titles created by the company  was More Fun Comics, Adventure Comics, Detective Comics, Action Comics, All-American Comics and Superman. Other companies like Quality Comics and Fawcett Comics  would  later be merged into DC.  Quality started by introducing comic books like Feature Comics and Smash Comics.
During the period, National launched popular superhero / featured characters like Doctor Occult, Slam Bradley, Superman, Zatara, Tex Thompson, Crimson Avenger, Batman, Red Tornado and Sandman since their first appearance. Quality Comics also debuted Doll Man while Fox Feature Syndicate includes the introduction of the Blue Beetle in Mystery Men Comics.
Superman stories debuted major supporting characters of Superman, such as Lois Lane, Jimmy Olsen, Jor-El and Lara, Jonathan and Martha Kent along with one of the earliest supervillains  / Superman rogue, Ultra-Humanite. Also major fictional elements introduced in the Superman comics include the planet Krypton and the Kryptonian species, the city Metropolis and the newspaper tabloid, Daily Planet. Batman stories debuted major supporting characters of Batman such as James Gordon, Thomas and Martha Wayne along with Batman rogues like Joe Chill. Also major fictional elements introduced in the Batman comics include the fictional police department led by Gordon, the costume known as the Batsuit with weapons known as Batman's utility belt and the Batarang, an original version of two vehicles known as the Batmobile and the Batplane and the building called Wayne Manor.
The first media adaptions of DC were comic strips of Superman.
This is a list of locomotives in Indonesia and the former Netherlands East Indies.
Souk El Mahsoulat (Arabic : سوق المحصولات) or market of the harvests is one of the oldest souks of Bab Jebli, in the Medina of Sfax.
Kevin Andréas Eriksson (born 16 July 1996) is a Swedish racing driver currently participating in the FIA World Rallycross Championship. He is the son of Olsbergs MSE team owner Andréas Eriksson. In 2016, he made his debut in FIA RX Supercar with a full-time entry.
Aedh mac Tairdelbach Ua Conchobair was King of Connacht briefly in 1342, and died in 1345.
Kailo is a territory in Maniema province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Kailo Territory is home to open pit wolframite and Cassiterite mines.
Standard Dutch (Dutch: Standaardnederlands) is a standardized variety of Dutch taught in schools and used by authorities and media in the Netherlands, Belgium, Suriname, Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten.
The Netherlands, Flemish, and Surinamese governments have entrusted the monitoring and description of Standard Dutch to the Dutch Language Union. The Language Union publishes works that lay down the standards of Standard Dutch in the field of spelling. The Dutch Language Union also provides advice on grammar and word choice. However, this advice has no legal basis and is therefore not mandatory. However, it is largely followed in Standard Dutch.
Carpophilus marginellus is a species of sap-feeding beetle in the family Nitidulidae. It is found in Australia, Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China and Russia), North America, and Oceania.
The following events occurred in December 1925:
William Hyde Wollaston  (; 6 August 1766 – 22 December 1828) was an English chemist and physicist who is famous for discovering the chemical elements palladium and rhodium. He also developed a way to process platinum ore into malleable ingots.


There are over 20,000 Grade II* listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the London Borough of Waltham Forest.
Broadlands is a country house located in the civil parish of Romsey Extra, near the town of Romsey in the Test Valley district of Hampshire, England. Its formal gardens and historic landscape are Grade II* listed on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens. The house itself is Grade I listed.


Alvor is a closed halt on the Algarve line in the Portimão municipality, Portugal. The section of the line from Portimão to Lagos opened on the 30th of July 1922.


Günther Happich (28 January 1952 – 16 October 1995) was an Austrian football midfielder who played for Austria in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Wiener Sport-Club, SK Rapid Wien, and First Vienna FC.
What a Distinguished Family (Italian: Che distinta famiglia!) is a 1945 Italian "white-telephones" comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Gino Cervi, Assia Noris and Aroldo Tieri.
The film's art direction was by Gastone Medin. Due to the events of 25 July 1943, the making of the film was interrupted or temporarily suspended. The film was only released in public cinemas at the end of 1945.
Vitaliy Melnik (born 25 January 1966) is a Soviet luger who competed in the mid-1980s. He won the bronze medal in the men's doubles event at the 1985 FIL World Luge Championships in Oberhof, East Germany. He also competed in the men's doubles event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Thomas FitzJohn FitzGerald, 7th Earl of Kildare (c. 1421 – 25 March 1477), was an Irish peer and statesman of the fifteenth century who held the office of Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
Ntando Emmanuel Magubane is a South African politician who represented the African National Congress (ANC) in the National Assembly from 1999 to 2014, excepting a hiatus from 2009 to 2010. He was first elected in the 1999 general election and was re-elected in 2004, but he was not initially re-elected in 2009; instead, he was returned to the assembly in July 2010, when he filled a casual vacancy arising from Trevor Bonhomme's resignation. 
Before 1999, Magubane served in the KwaZulu-Natal Provincial Legislature, and he was an ANC activist in Richmond, KwaZulu-Natal during the democratic transition.
Hilton Root is an American academic. He is a professor of public policy at the Schar School of Policy and Government of George Mason University, in Virginia. He specializes in international political economy and international development.
His published work includes Dynamics among Nations: The Evolution of Legitimacy and Development in Modern States, which was published by the MIT Press in 2013.
Posterization or posterisation of an image is the conversion of a continuous gradation of tone to several regions of fewer tones, causing abrupt changes from one tone to another.  This was originally done with photographic processes to create posters.  It can now be done photographically or with digital image processing, and may be deliberate or an unintended artifact of color quantization. Posterization is often the first step in vectorization (tracing) of an image.
Father and Son Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, at the head of Franklin River.
The Influenza virus pseudoknot is an RNA pseudoknot structure formed in one of the non-structural coding segments (NS) of influenza virus genome. Pseudoknots are commonly found in viral genomes, especially RNA viruses, where they incorporate an RNA splice site and can have a wide range of functions. The orientation of the coaxially stacked stems in the influenza pseudoknot, however, differs from the most common topology in "classical" RNA pseudoknots.
The pseudoknot structure is very similar in influenzavirus A and influenzavirus B.  A unique point mutation occurring in the strains of influenza A virus subtype H5N1 after 2001 has been suggested to result in RNA conformational shift, favouring an alternative hairpin structure instead of the pseudoknot.
Another pseudoknot occurs at the Influenza A Segment 7 Splice Site, which is used to produce the important viral M2 ion channel protein. Both pseudoknots have the possibility of alternating between hairpin loop and pseudoknot conformations, which place splicing regulatory motifs in different structural contexts.
The Whiteshell Laboratories, originally known as the Whiteshell Nuclear Research Establishment (WNRE) was an Atomic Energy of Canada (AECL) laboratory in Manitoba, northeast of Winnipeg. It was originally built as a home for the experimental WR-1 reactor, but over time came to host a variety of experimental systems, including a SLOWPOKE reactor (the SLOWPOKE Demonstration Reactor) and the Underground Research Laboratory to study nuclear waste disposal. Employment peaked in the early 1970s at about 1,300, but during the 1980s the experiments began to wind down, and in 2003 the decision was made to close the site. As of 2017 the site is undergoing decommissioning with a planned completion date in 2024. The decommissioning process for WR-1 involves transporting low-level nuclear waste to another Canadian Nuclear Laboratories (CNL) research site, Chalk River Laboratories in Ottawa for containment, and encasing the reactor in concrete. The details of this process continue to be criticized, evaluated, and revised. 
Decommissioning has been delayed due to ongoing regulatory issues and safety concerns. Currently, 233 comments on the draft Environmental Impact (EI) Assessment have been filed by diverse stakeholders, covering concerns about impacts on the Winnipeg River, radiological inventory, grout, and concrete, assessing the potential impact of earthquakes, and the need for guidance from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). In 2018 Sagkeeng First Nation (SFN) filed comments on the draft Environmental Impact Statement expressing concern that CNL failed to meaningfully consult SFN or adequately consider the Reactor-1 decommissioning project’s impacts on Treaty Rights.<Impact Assessment Agency of Canada (n.d.). CNSC Disposition Table of Public and Indigenous Groups’ Comments on the Draft Environmental Impact Statement-WR-1.>  SFN also expressed concern that the Canadian Nuclear Safety Committee (CNSC) did not fulfill its obligation to the Canadian public to include them in the consultation process or adequately inform the public of the difficulties regarding the long-term management of radioactive wastes. In April 2023, decommissioning stopped completely due to deficient emergency preparedness procedures. Before the WR-1 decommissioning project can resume it must pass a multiphase restart program determined by the CNSC.<Searle, Tyler (2023, August 4). Decommission work halted at old nuclear facility in Whiteshell. Winnipeg Free Press>
The Bank of Spain Building (Spanish: edificio del Banco de España) is the main headquarters of the Bank of Spain. Located in Madrid, it lies at the crossing of the Calle de Alcalá and the Paseo del Prado.
Ulziit  (Mongolian: Өлзийт) is a former Ulziit sum center settlement in the eastern part of Kherlen sum (district) of Khentii Province in eastern Mongolia, 53 km from aimag capital Öndörkhaan and 297 km from national capital Ulan Bator. According to the National Census 2010 Ölziit population is 1,110. Settlement is populated with Uriankhai tribe.
A Bullet in the Heart (Egyptian Arabic: رصاصة في القلب, translit. Rossassa Fel Qalb) is a 1944 Egyptian drama film directed by Mohammed Karim starring Egyptian actresses Raqiya Ibrahim, Faten Hamama, musician Mohamed Abdel Wahab and actor Seraj Munir. It is based on a novel by Tewfik El-Hakim which was depicted in the 1964 play under the same starring Salah Zulfikar.
Vinicius García Del'Amore (born 5 January 1997) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Altos as a defender.
Bukowina [bukɔˈvʲina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Ulanów, 18 km (11 mi) south-east of Nisko, and 50 km (31 mi) north-east of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village is located in the historical region Galicia. After partition of Poland the village was under Austrian Habsburg rule. The border checkpoint from tzarist Russia and Austria-Hungary days has been reconstructed in the nearby forest.
World War I historic cemetery is located in Bukowina. 96 soldiers of various nationalities who died in 1914 and 1915 have been buried there.

	Bukowina
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		


"Cigarettes & Alcohol" is a song by the English rock band Oasis, written by Noel Gallagher. It was released on 10 October 1994 as the fourth and final single from their debut album Definitely Maybe (1994), and their second to enter the UK top ten in the United Kingdom, peaking at number 7 (three places higher than "Live Forever"), eventually spending 79 weeks on the charts. On 13 March 2020, nearly 26 years after its release, the song was certified Platinum, indicating 600,000 sales.


The 14th Armored Brigade, also known as Tunç Kışlası ( Bronze Barracks), is a brigade of the Turkish Army based in Northern Cyprus at the town of Kythrea in Nicosia.
It is part of the Aegean Army Cyprus Turkish Peace Force located within the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Iris atrofusca (Judean iris or Gilead iris) is a species in the genus Iris, where it is placed in the subgenus Iris and the section Oncocyclus.  It is a rhizomatous perennial from the deserts of Israel/Palestine and Jordan. The species has long falcate (sickle-shaped) or ensiform (sword-shaped) leaves, a long thick stem and large fragrant flowers that come in shades of purple brown, reddish-black, black-brown, dark brown, dark lilac or dark purple. The flowers also have a black or brownish-black signal patch and a thick beard that is brown-black, light brown or yellow tipped with brown. It is rarely cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions.
Computer maintenance is the practice of keeping computers in a good state of repair.  A computer containing accumulated dust and debris may not run properly.
Devil's Partner is a 1958 American film starring Ed Nelson, directed by Charles R. Rondeau and produced by Hugh Hooker, an actor and stuntman who had previously made the 1958 film The Littlest Hobo.  However the film was not released until 1961 when it was acquired by Roger and Gene Corman's Filmgroup and released as a double feature with Creature from the Haunted Sea. The film was co-written by actor Stanley Clements and Laura Jean Mathews.
Shirin Su Rural District (Persian: دهستان شيرين سو) is in Shirin Su District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan province, Iran. It is administered from the city of Shirin Su.
The Jews Acre (alias Jews Churchyard) in Cliftonwood, Bristol, England was the burial ground of Bristol's medieval Jewish community from the late 12th century until the expulsion of the Jews from England in 1290. Bristol's jews lived a mile east in the centre of the town, initially around the head of the harbour - an area that was later known as the Old Jewry. It was one of England's smaller Jewish communities, never exceeding about fifteen households. If the average household had five people, the mean population would have been about seventy-five people.  Life expectancy at birth in pre-modern societies rarely exceed forty, with at least 2.5 per cent of any community dying each year. That would imply about two interments per year in the cemetery.
Jews Acre is associated with Jacob's Well, which lies about a hundred metres further down the valley. The well is believed to have been a bet tohorah (ritual bath) where corpses were washed prior to interment in the cemetery. After a body had been buried, those involved would also have used the water from the well to ritually purify themselves.

The Jews Acre, was known by that name, or as 'the Jews Churchyard', until the nineteenth century. For instance, a 1788 lease for 'the Jews church yard', records it as being a property on Brandon Hill adjoining 'Jews Acre'. Both place names suggest that contemporaries understood the field to be the burial ground of the medieval Jewish community. 

The Jews Acre was bought in 1847 by Queen Elizabeth's Hospital (also known as 'QEH'), an independent school in Bristol. Founded in 1586, the school had previously been based in the centre of the city, but decided to move to a new, greener site, on the edge of Clifton. The property known as Jews Acre became the boundary of the school. Despite its name, the actual field was 3.2 acres in size (1.3 hectares). Apart from two small additions (QEH Theatre) and a southern annex, both acquired in the later twentieth century, the school's boundary is still that of the Jews Acre. 
During the construction of QEH school from 1847, a number of tombstones were found. Writing in 1861, the historian George Pryce discussed 'the “Jews Acre”, or burial ground, where now stands Queen Elizabeth's Hospital, on digging the foundation for which, a few years ago, a number of gravestones were found, with inscriptions in Hebrew characters; they were, however, thoughtlessly used in the building' This became a source of humour in Victorian Bristol, it later being noted that 'Many gravestones with Hebrew inscriptions were discovered when that building [QEH] was about to be erected, which led our Wits to assert that whatever else the boys lacked, they would always have a good Hebrew foundation.'


Sir Henry Peyton, 3rd Baronet (30 June 1804 – 18 February 1866), was an English Conservative Party politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Woodstock from 25 Jul 1837 until May 1838 .
The 2024–25 ABB FIA Formula E World Championship is scheduled to be the eleventh season of the FIA Formula E championship, a motor racing championship for electrically powered vehicles recognised by motorsport's governing body, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), as the highest class of competition for electric open-wheel racing cars.
Let's Have a Murder is a 1950 British comedy crime film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Jimmy Jewel, Ben Warriss and Lesley Osmond. It was made by Mancunian Films at their studios in Manchester. Two private detectives are hired to clear a friend accused of murder.


Injikollai is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Daddy is an American comedy-drama film, released in 2015. The directorial debut of Gerald McCullouch, the film is based on the play by Dan Via.
The film stars McCullouch and Via as Colin McCormack and Stewart Wisniewski, two gay men in their late 40s. Longtime friends whose relationship has taken on many of the emotional undercurrents and routines of a non-sexual marriage, their bond is tested when Colin begins dating a younger man (Jaime Cepero).
The film's cast also includes Brooke Anne Smith, Jay Jackson, Tamlyn Tomita, Scott Henry, John Rubinstein, Mackenzie Astin, Richard Riehle and Leslie Easterbrook.


H2R may refer to:

BMW H2R, a hydrogen-powered car
Harris Hill Raceway, a race track in Texas
H2R Productions, an American production company
Kawasaki H2R, racing version of the three cylinder two-stroke H2 Mach IV motorcycle
Kawasaki Ninja H2R, a supercharged four cylinder four-stroke motorcycle
Seomun Market Station is a station of Daegu Subway Line 3 in Daesin-dong, and Sijangbungno, Jung District, Daegu, South Korea. It is named after Seomun Market, and is also called Dongsan Medical Center Station.


Selex RAN-40L is a naval 3D L band search radar developed by Leonardo. The radar is used for long range maritime air surveillance and early warning. The radar uses a fully solid state active phased array antenna and capable of tracking and detecting air targets like aircraft or drones up to 400 km away. RAN-40L is based on existing land based 3D RAT-31DL radar which is a system widely used by NATO Countries for long air surveillance.
The radar functions include Track While Scan for air and surface long-range surveillance and missile tracking . Radar coverage is obtained by phase scanning in elevation, while mechanically rotating in azimuth. The antenna rotates at 6rpm or 12rpm, with 360° azimuth coverage.


The Road Home (Chinese: 我的父親母親; lit. 'My Father and Mother') is a 1999 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Zhang Yimou. It also marked the cinematic debut of the Chinese actress Zhang Ziyi. The Road Home was written by author Bao Shi, who adapted the screenplay from his novel, Remembrance.
The film was shot immediately after Zhang Yimou's previous film, Not One Less, and was released to strong reviews in China in fall 1999.
Capnolymma cingalensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gahan in 1906.
Hugh Thornton (born June 28, 1991) is an American professional football offensive tackle who is a free agent. He played college football at Illinois, and was selected by the Indianapolis Colts in the third round of the 2013 NFL draft. Thornton has also been a member of the Atlanta Falcons, Arizona Hotshots, Washington Redskins and Calgary Stampeders.


Turgut is a neighbourhood of the municipality and district of Yatağan, Muğla Province, Turkey. Its population is 1,580 (2022). Before the 2013 reorganisation, it was a town (belde). The distance to Yatağan is 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) and to Muğla is 39 kilometres (24 mi).
The National Assembly (Tajik: Маҷлиси миллии, Majlisi milli; Russian: Национальный совет Высшего собрания) is the upper chamber of Tajikistan's bicameral parliament. It has 33 members: 25 elected for a five-year term by deputies of local majlisi and 8 appointed by the president. By right, former presidents are members for life. Rustam Emomali, who is the son of incumbent President Emomali Rahmon, is serving as the Chairman of the Majlisi Milli since April 17, 2020.
Twenty-five members were elected on March 27, 2020 and the President appointed one quarter of the members in April, bringing the total number of members to thirty-one.
The Zimbabwe Academy of Sciences (ZAS) is a national academy of sciences in Zimbabwe, formed in 2004 by the Research Council of Zimbabwe (RCZ). It addresses subjects such as tropical resources, ecology, and environmental and climate studies. The academy is affiliated with the InterAcademy Partnership and the Network of African Science Academies.
Eleocharis caespitosissima is a sedge of the family Cyperaceae that is native to Australia.
The annual herb to grass-like sedge typically grows to a height of 0.02 to 0.15 metres (0.066 to 0.492 ft) and a width of about 0.15 m (0.49 ft)and has a tufted habit. It blooms between May and August.
It is found submerged in and around rivers and swampy areas in the Kimberley region of Western Australia where it grows in sandy to clay soils.
Mordella ignaciosa is a species of beetle in the genus Mordella of the family Mordellidae, which is part of the superfamily Tenebrionoidea. It was discovered in 1936.
"Flipside" is a song by American power pop band the Click Five. It was released in May 2008 as the last and digital download-only single for South-East Asia from their second studio album Modern Minds and Pastimes (2007).
Walking in Circles may refer to:

Walking in Circles (web series), an American comedy web series
Walking in Circles (album), a 2017 album by FliT
Kolkerheide (Danish: Kolkhede or Kolkærhede) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Dzięcioł may refer to:

Dzięcioł (film)
Janusz Dzięcioł (1953–2019), Polish politician
William Fraser was a British merchant and administrator who was the Acting President of Madras from 14 November 1709 to 11 July 1711.


"Foreign Affair" is a song written by Maggie Reilly and Mike Oldfield, which first appeared on Oldfield's 1983 album Crises on Virgin Records.
The song was originally recorded during the Crises sessions between November 1982 and April 1983 at Oldfield's studio in Denham, Buckinghamshire. On "Foreign Affair", Oldfield plays a Fairlight CMI and Roland strings. Maggie Reilly provides vocals, and the co-producer Simon Phillips plays Tama Drums and a shaker.
Oldfield performed the song on tour extensively in the 1980s. The song has since been featured on compilations such as The Platinum Collection, Collection, Elements Boxset and Elements – The Best of Mike Oldfield.
Halsey Ralph Ricardo (6 August 1854 – 15 February 1928) was an English architect and designer.
Nikki Barrett is an Australian casting director. She won a British Academy Film Award in the category Best Casting for the film Elvis.


Cerebral dysgenesis–neuropathy–ichthyosis–keratoderma syndrome  is a neurocutaneous condition caused by mutation in the SNAP29 gene.
Halifax Chebucto is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elects one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
It is one of several ridings within the Halifax Regional Municipality. It encompasses the neighbourhood known informally as the West End. The economy consists mostly of military employment from CFB Halifax, the Queen Elizabeth II Health Science's Centre as well as retail stores on Quinpool Road.
The riding is one of the few in the province to have a long history of New Democratic Party (NDP) representation. It been represented by an NDP Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for all but two terms since 1981. In the 2013 election, the Liberal candidate, Joachim Stroink was elected to represent the riding in the House of Assembly during the collapse of the NDP province-wide. However, the 2017 election saw the new leader of the NDP Gary Burrill elected, defeating Stroink after only one term.
The riding has produced two provincial NDP leaders, Alexa McDonough (who would go on to lead the federal NDP) and Burrill.
Thomas Henry Weist-Hill (3 January 1828 – 26 December 1891) was an English violinist, conductor and academic. He was the first principal of the Guildhall School of Music.
Shijiazhuang (Chinese: 石家庄) is a town under the administration of Ningwu County, Xinzhou, Shanxi, China. As of 2018, it has nine villages under its administration.
KMSS-TV (channel 33) is a television station in Shreveport, Louisiana, United States, affiliated with the Fox network. It is owned by Mission Broadcasting, which maintains a shared services agreement (SSA) with Nexstar Media Group, owner of Texarkana, Texas–licensed NBC affiliate KTAL-TV (channel 6) and MyNetworkTV affiliate KSHV-TV (channel 45), for the provision of certain services. The three stations share studios on North Market Street and Deer Park Road in northeast Shreveport; KMSS-TV's transmitter is located southeast of Mooringsport.
This is a list of works about Lem. For a list of works of Lem, see List of works by Stanisław Lem and their adaptations
This bibliography of  Stanisław Lem is a list of works about Stanisław Lem, a Polish science fiction writer and essayist.
In addition to books and numerous academic articles, Lem's works and ideas have been a subject of  a number of Ph.D. and master theses.


Tragiscoschema nigroscriptum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1897.
Its type locality is Tabora, Tanzania.
It is a minor pest of the cotton plant in Tanzania.


Horst Astroth (30 October 1923 – 10 January 2017) was a German track and field athlete who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics, where he finished 16th out of 39 participants in the men's 50 kilometres walk. At the Games he represented SV Halle. Born in Naumburg, Astroth began his sporting career as a gymnast and was injured in combat during World War II. Following the conflict he worked as a teacher and took up running in 1953 at the age of 30. Over the course of his career he set seven senior East German records and was national runner-up in the 50 km in 1956, 1958, and 1959. He was also eighth in that event at the 1962 European Athletics Championships. After retiring from international competition, he continued to compete and set records at master's-level events, while also working as a trainer with Naumburg BSG and a freelancer writer for the local Liberal Democratic newspaper. He died in January 2017 at the age of 93.
Mastigietta is a genus of true jellyfish in the family Mastigiidae. It is monotypic, containing the sole species Mastigietta palmipes.
The Journal of Clinical Anesthesia is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering a variety of topics in anesthesiology. It was established in 1988 and is published eight times per year by Elsevier. It is the official journal of the American Association of Clinical Directors, the Society for Airway Management, and the Orthopedic Anesthesia Pain Rehabilitation Society. The editor-in-chief is Alparslan Turan, MD (Cleveland Clinic). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2022 impact factor of 6.7.
Sir Reginald Blaker, 2nd Baronet TD (27 April 1900 – 3 January 1975) was a British Conservative politician.
Blaker was the son of Sir John Blaker, 1st Baronet, Mayor of Brighton, and his wife Eliza (née Cowell). He was educated at Charterhouse and was later called to the Bar, Inner Temple. He succeeded his father in 1926, becoming the 2nd Baronet. In 1931, he was elected to the House of Commons as member of parliament (MP) for Spelthorne, a seat he retained until 1945.
He served in the Special Reserve with the Coldstream Guards and was commissioned into the 57th (Home Counties) Field Brigade, Royal Artillery (TA) in 1923. He fought in the Second World War as a Major in the Royal Artillery and was awarded the Territorial Decoration in 1942.
Blaker married Sheila Kellas Cran, daughter of Dr. Alexander Cran, in 1930, and they had a daughter, Anne (b. 29 February 1932), and a son, John (b. 22 March 1935). He died in January 1975, aged 74, and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his son John.


Amoria molleri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.
Ernesto José Leal Sanchez (July 28, 1945 – December 26, 2005) was a Nicaraguan politician.
Sunday Report is a TVB News programme which first aired on Tuesday March 10, 1987. It airs Sunday at 7pm on TVB Jade.
The Pacific Rim comprises the lands around the rim of the Pacific Ocean.  The Pacific Basin includes the Pacific Rim and the islands in the Pacific Ocean.  The Pacific Rim roughly overlaps with the geological Pacific Ring of Fire.
The 1971 New Zealand Grand Prix was a race held at the Pukekohe Park Raceway on 9 January 1971.  The race had 20 starters.
It was the 17th New Zealand Grand Prix, and doubled as the second round of the 1971 Tasman Series.  Australian Neil Allen won his first NZGP in his McLaren Formula 5000 ahead of fellow Australian and previous years winner, Frank Matich. The first New Zealand driver to finish was Graham McRae in the McLaren Formula 5000.
Madiwala lake is one of the biggest lakes in Bangalore, India spread over an area of 114.3 hectare. The water in the lake was fit for drinking till the early 1990s. Since then it has become unfit for drinking  due to industrial waste and sewage entering the waterbody. It has gradually become polluted. 
It is situated in the BTM Layout at 12° 54' 28" North, 77° 37' 0" East in Bangalore city. It is a home to many migratory birds. The lake comes under the administration of Karnataka State Forest Department which carries out the routine maintenance of this lake. There is a children's park as well. The lake received a Rs 25 Crore grant in 2016 from the Lake Development Authority of Bangalore.
Mount Vernon City Schools, District 80 is a school district headquartered in Mount Vernon, Illinois.
Robert Temple Dickson II (12 September 1909 – 2 December 1950) was an American politician from Texas.
Robert Temple Dickson was born on 12 September 1909 and named after his father. He lived in Sweetwater, Texas. Dickson served in the Texas House of Representatives as a Democratic legislator for District 117 from 1939 to 1941. He resigned the seat during the first year of his second term in office to enlist in the United States Navy. After serving in World War II, Dickson returned to Texas, and by January 1945, had been named deputy county clerk in the probate court system of Tarrant County.
Dickson's son, Robert Temple Dickson III was also a state legislator.


The Lost is an unreleased third-person shooter survival horror game developed by Irrational Games. Set to be released in 2002 for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox game consoles, The Lost went through a rocky development period until it was completed, and cancelled.
Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould is a 1993 Canadian biographical anthology film about the pianist Glenn Gould, played by Colm Feore. It was directed by François Girard, with a screenplay by Girard and Don McKellar.
The film is presented as a series of 31 short films rather than as one narrative. Segments include documentaries, consisting of interviews with individuals who knew the real Gould, and reenactments of episodes in Gould's life. "Gould Meets McLaren" employs animated spheres from Norman McLaren's filmography. The film received positive reviews and won four Genie Awards, including Best Motion Picture.
Jeff "Blando" Bland (born December 6, 1964, in Flint, Michigan) is an American guitarist and singer who played for Michigan-based cover band, KODY LEE, Left For Dead and Saigon Kick. He is currently the lead guitarist for Slaughter and Vince Neil and has been in Dokken´s George Lynch´s Lynchmob/ George Lynch Band as it´s Lead Vocalist and 2nd guitarist singing both Dokken and Lynchmob originals Live.
He has played with Mötley Crüe singer Vince Neil, both with his former Saigon Kick touring bandmate Phil Varone, and with his Slaughter bandmate Dana Strum.
DECtalk was a speech synthesizer and text-to-speech technology developed by Digital Equipment Corporation in 1983, based largely on the work of Dennis Klatt at MIT, whose source-filter algorithm was variously known as KlattTalk or MITalk.
Uses ranged from interacting with the public to allowing those with speech disabilities to verbalize, include giving a public speech.
Ljubstava (pronounced [ˈljuːpstaʋa]) is a dispersed settlement in the Haloze Hills in the Municipality of Videm in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. It is now included in the Drava Statistical Region.
Kuruba (also known as "Kuruba Gowda") or Gadariya, Kuruma, Kurumbar, Dhangar, Pal, Baghel is a Hindu caste native to the Indian state of Karnataka, Goa, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Tamil Nadu. This is a list of notable Kurubas.
Low Level Owl: Volume I is the third full-length album release from Lawrence, Kansas-based band the Appleseed Cast.
Vulture.com listed "On Reflection" as number 84 of the 100 greatest emo songs.
The Economic League can refer to more than one organisation:

Economic League (Netherlands), a minor Dutch political party.
Economic League (South-West Africa), a minor South-West African political party.
Economic League (United Kingdom), a British advocacy group.
Le Crouzet (French pronunciation: [lə kʁuzɛ]) is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Milwaukee Peak is a 13,522-foot (4,122 m) mountain summit in Saguache County, Colorado, United States.
Actinopeltis is a genus of fungi in the Trichothyriaceae family.
Judge Orrick may refer to:

William H. Orrick Jr. (1915–2003), judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
William Orrick III (born 1953), judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
The Cathedral Church of St Peter and St Wilfrid, commonly known as Ripon Cathedral, and until 1836 known as Ripon Minster, is  a cathedral in Ripon, North Yorkshire, England. Founded as a monastery by monks of the Irish tradition in the 660s, it was refounded as a Benedictine monastery by St Wilfrid in 672. The church became collegiate in the tenth century, and acted as a mother church within the large Diocese of York for the remainder of the Middle Ages. The present church is the fourth, and was built between the 13th and 16th centuries. In 1836 the church became the cathedral for the Diocese of Ripon. In 2014 the Diocese was incorporated into the new Diocese of Leeds, and the church became one of three co-equal cathedrals of the Bishop of Leeds.
The cathedral is notable architecturally for its gothic west front in the Early English style, considered one of the best of its type, as well as the Geometric east window. The seventh-century crypt of Wilfrid's church is a significant example of early Christian architecture in England. The cathedral has Grade I listed building status.
Sybille may refer to:

François Sybille (1906–1968), Belgian boxer
Princess Elisabeth Sybille of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (1854–1908), the first wife of Duke Johann Albrecht of Mecklenburg
Sybille Bammer (born 1980), Austrian tennis player
Sybille Bedford (1911–2006), German-born English writer
Sybille Binder (1895–1962), Austrian actress of Jewish descent
Sybille Bödecker (born 1948), East German slalom canoeist
Sybille de Selys Longchamps (born 1941), Belgian aristocrat
Sybille Gruner (born 1969), German handball player
Sybille of Bâgé (1255–1294), Countess Consort of Savoy
Sybille of Cleves (Sibylle von Jülich-Kleve-Berg) (1512–1554), Electress consort of Saxony
Sybille Pearson (born 1937), Czech playwright, musical theatre lyricist and librettist
Sybille Reinhardt (born 1957), German rower
Sybille Schönrock (born 1964), German swimmer
Sybille Schmidt (born 1967), German rower
Sybille Schmitz (1909–1955), German actress
Sybille Spindler, East German slalom canoeist
Sybille Waury (born 1970), German actress
Eduard Bitterlich (17 August 1833, Stupnicka, or Dubliany, Galicia, now Ukraine - 20 May 1872, Pfalzau, now part of Pressbaum), was an Austrian artist.
Antisuperstition is a concept in Chinese religion  that can be defined as to body of all discussion against religious practice when using the word mixin, distinctly mixin/zongjiao.
Antisuperstition is similar to some extreme forms of Confucian fundamentalism, rejecting the moral self-perfection delineated by any particular world religion's theological scriptures.
This is a list of senior officers of the Royal Navy (or more precisely a list of lists of the holders of certain senior positions in the Royal Navy).
Domersleben is a village and a former municipality in the Börde district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Wanzleben-Börde.
4th Saeima was the parliament of Latvia from 3 November 1931 until the 15 May 1934 Latvian coup d'état. It was the last democratically elected Saeima until the restoration of Latvia’s independence in 1991 and the 5th Saeima elections in 1993.
Social Democrat Pauls Kalniņš continued to hold the post of Speaker of the Saeima to which he was first elected during the 1st Saeima. During November 1933 – May 1934 Saeima discussed proposed Constitutional changes, submitted by Kārlis Ulmanis and his Farmers’ Union, that would reduce number of MPs from 100 to 50, allow for the direct popular election of State President and increase his powers.
4th Saeima gave confidence to the 2nd cabinet of Marģers Skujenieks (6 December 1931 – 23 March 1933), cabinet of Ādolfs Bļodnieks (24 March 1933 – 16 March 1934) and the 4th cabinet of Kārlis Ulmanis (17 March 1934 – 15 May 1934).
Mathoo is a village in the Leh district of Ladakh, India. It is located in the Leh tehsil.
Andrew Oliphant Patterson (1825–1887) was an American politician.
Patterson was a Washington County, Pennsylvania, native born in 1825, who attended Jefferson College. After passing the bar in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, Patterson moved to Muscatine, Iowa, to practice law. He also served as president of the First National Bank of Muscatine. In 1855, Patterson married Mary Ann Elliott.
Patterson was a member of the Iowa Senate from January 11, 1858, to May 14, 1861, representing District 19 until January 8, 1860, and District 14 thereafter, as a Democrat. He began moving to Golden, Colorado, in 1859, and his family joined him in 1861. Patterson subsequently vacated his Iowa Senate seat, and was replaced by Joseph A. Green. In Colorado, Patterson was elected to represent Larimer and Weld counties in the first Colorado Territorial Legislature of 1864, but he did not assume the office. The following year, he was elected to the fourth Colorado Territorial Legislature by Jefferson County residents. In 1870, Patterson was secretary of the Legislative Council, and in 1876, served as justice of the peace for Clear Creek County.
Patterson died in Golden on March 6, 1887.
In mathematics and quantum mechanics, a Dirac operator is a differential operator that is a formal square root, or half-iterate, of a second-order operator such as a Laplacian. The original case which concerned Paul Dirac was to factorise formally an operator for Minkowski space, to get a form of quantum theory compatible with special relativity; to get the relevant Laplacian as a product of first-order operators he introduced spinors. It was first published in 1928 by Dirac.
Matthew K. Rose (born 1960 in Salina, Kansas) is the former chairman and CEO of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp., serving in that role from 2002 to December 31, 2013.  In December 2013, Rose's role was shifted to that of executive chairman, renewing speculation he might be in line to replace Warren Buffett at Berkshire's helm.
Generaloberstabsarzt and Admiraloberstabsarzt are the top Joint Medical Service OF8-ranks of the German Bundeswehr. The equivalent to this ranks in the Heer is Generalleutnant and in the German Navy the Vizeadmiral.
Ichijō Fusaie (一条 房家, 1475 – December 23, 1539), son of regent Norifusa, was a kugyō or Japanese court noble of the Muromachi period (1336–1573). He was the second head of Tosa-Ichijō clan. He was born when his father Norifusa was in exile in Tosa Province from Kyoto. He stayed in the province when his father returned to Kyoto. He was the father of Fusafuyu and Fusamichi.
The scaled metaltail (Metallura aeneocauda) is a species of hummingbird in the "coquettes", tribe Lesbiini of subfamily Lesbiinae. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
Rayna Atanasova (Bulgarian: Райна Атанасова) (born 10 July 1944) is a Bulgarian gymnast. She competed in six events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Sir James Vernon AC CBE FTSE (1910–2000) was an Australian Industrial Chemist who, amongst other things, served as Director of CSR (Colonial Sugar Refining Company) 1958–1982.
He also served on the boards of a raft of other companies including: Director, Westham Dredging Company Pty Ltd 1975–1991; Chairman, CIBC Australia Ltd 1974–1989; Chairman, Volvo Australia Pty Ltd 1980–1989; Chairman, O'Connell St Associates, and International President of the Pacific Basin Economic Council 1980–1982.
Aspella anceps is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Wittrockfjellet is a mountain in Nathorst Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is named after Swedish botanist Veit Brecher Wittrock. The mountain is located at the northern side of Van Keulenfjorden. It has a length of about 3.5 kilometers, and its highest peak is 931 m.a.s.l. The valley of Wittrockdalen separates Wittrockfjellet from the ridge of Brogniartfjella.
Barry James Hodge (born 16 February 1944) is a former Australian politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1977 to 1989, representing the seat of Melville.
Hodge was born in Melbourne, but moved to Perth with his family as a child, where he attended CBC Fremantle before going on to Perth Technical College. After leaving school, he worked as a broadcasting technician at various local radio and television stations, including 6IX, 6PR, and TVW. Hodge joined the Labor Party in 1965, and subsequently became involved in the union movement. He served as president of the Hotel and Club Caterers' Union from 1970 to 1972 (a predecessor of the Federated Liquor and Allied Trades Union), and as assistant state secretary of the Labor Party from 1975 to 1977. Hodge entered parliament at the 1977 state election, replacing John Tonkin, a former premier, in the seat of Melville. He retained the seat with an increased majority at the 1980 election.
After the 1980 election, Hodge was appointed to the shadow cabinet of Ron Davies. He remained in the shadow cabinet when Brian Burke replaced Davies as party leader in 1981, and following Labor's victory at the 1983 election was appointed Minister for Health in the Burke ministry. The ministry was reshuffled after the 1986 election, with Hodge becoming Minister for the Environment and Minister for Conservation and Land Management. He retained those positions after Burke's retirement in 1988, and was also made Minister for Waterways in the new ministry led by Peter Dowding. However, at the 1989 state election, Hodge was defeated in Melville by the Liberal candidate, Doug Shave. The two candidates finished equal on the first-preference vote (with 8,159 or 44.3% each), but Shave went on to win by 32 votes (0.2%) on the two-party-preferred vote. After leaving parliament, Hodge was appointed chairman of the Lands and Forests Commission (a state government agency), serving from 1989 to 1994. He resigned from the Labor Party in 1992, and at the 1993 state election contested the Legislative Council as an independent. Standing for the South Metropolitan region, he received 2.91% of the vote, but was not elected.
Alfonse Chigamoy Owiny-Dollo (born 18 January 1956) is a Ugandan lawyer and judge. He has been the Chief Justice of Uganda since 20 August 2020.
He served as the Acting Chief Justice of Uganda from  22 June 2020 and was a deputy Chief Justice from 30 September 2017. He had been appointed to that position in August 2017, replacing Steven Kavuma, who attained the mandatory retirement age of 70 years on 29 September 2017.
Pustoshka (Russian: Пустошка) is a rural locality (a village) in Yershovskoye Rural Settlement, Sheksninsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002.
The Spring 2021 SWAC Championship Game was a college football game played on Saturday, May 1, 2021, at Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium in Jackson, Mississippi. It was the 22nd SWAC Championship Game and determined the 2020 champion of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC). Sponsored by wireless service provider Cricket, the game was officially known as the Spring 2021 Cricket SWAC Football Championship.
While prior editions of the SWAC Championship Game had been played in December, this edition was delayed into May due to impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the 2020–21 NCAA Division I FCS football season.
Sargento mayor ("sergeant major") was a rank immediately below that of maestre de campo in the Spanish tercios of the 16th and 17th centuries.  Initially second in rank to a coronel ("colonel") in a colunella, the sargento mayor became second in rank to the maestre de campo after the creation of the tercios in 1534. He took care of the tactical training, security and lodging of the troops of the tercio. He also transmitted the orders of the maestre de campo or the capitán general to subordinate officers.
The Sumatran slow loris (Nycticebus hilleri) is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris that is native to Sumatra. 
While this species used to be considered a junior synonym of the Sunda slow loris, it is now recognized by the IUCN as a full species. This species is named after Hiram M. Hiller Jr., who collected the holotype of this species while exploring the East Indies in 1901.
Laura Bailey (born May 28, 1981) is an American voice actress. She made her voice acting debut as Kid Trunks in the Funimation dub of Dragon Ball Z and has since voiced Emily / Glitter Lucky in Glitter Force, Tohru Honda in Fruits Basket, Lust in Fullmetal Alchemist and Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood, the title character in the Funimation dub of Shin-Chan, and Maka Albarn in Soul Eater. She is a cast member of the web series Critical Role, playing Vex'ahlia ("Vex"), Jester Lavorre, and Imogen Temult.
Bailey's video game voice roles include Rayne in the BloodRayne franchise, Kira Carsen in Star Wars: The Old Republic, Kainé in Nier, Jaina Proudmoore in World of Warcraft, Rise Kujikawa in Persona 4, the Female Protagonist in Persona 3 Portable, Chun-Li in Street Fighter, Serah Farron in Final Fantasy XIII, the title role in Catherine, Serana in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim – Dawnguard, Persephone in the Skylanders series, Oriana Lawson in Mass Effect 3, Lucina in Fire Emblem Awakening, Kushina Uzumaki in Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm series, Abigail "Fetch" Walker in Infamous Second Son and First Light, Fiona in Tales from the Borderlands, Nadine Ross in Uncharted 4: A Thief's End and The Lost Legacy, and Kait Diaz in Gears of War. For her voice role as Abby Anderson in the 2020 video game The Last of Us Part II, she won the BAFTA Award for Best Performer in a Leading Role and the Game Award for Best Performance, as well as received a nomination for the D.I.C.E. Award for Outstanding Achievement in Character.
Bailey has also voiced Catwoman in Batman: The Telltale Series, Supergirl in Injustice 2, Mary Jane Watson in the Marvel's Spider-Man series, and Black Widow in a number of Marvel projects (particularly the television series Avengers Assemble and the video game Marvel's Avengers).


In the physical sciences, the wavenumber (or wave number), also known as repetency, is the spatial frequency of a wave, measured in cycles per unit distance (ordinary wavenumber) or radians per unit distance (angular wavenumber). It is analogous to temporal frequency, which is defined as the number of wave cycles per unit time (ordinary frequency) or radians per unit time (angular frequency).
In multidimensional systems, the wavenumber is the magnitude of the wave vector. The space of wave vectors is called reciprocal space. Wave numbers and wave vectors play an essential role in optics and the physics of wave scattering, such as X-ray diffraction, neutron diffraction, electron diffraction, and elementary particle physics. For quantum mechanical waves, the wavenumber multiplied by the reduced Planck constant is the canonical momentum.
Wavenumber can be used to specify quantities other than spatial frequency. For example, in optical spectroscopy, it is often used as a unit of temporal frequency assuming a certain speed of light.
Oittaa is a district in Espoo, Finland, located on the southern shore of Lake Bodom. There is a popular camping area and a public beach in Oittaa.
John Williams (1762 – 3 April 1802) was a Welsh Anglican clergyman with Methodist sympathies.  He also published a book of sermons.
Boyces Bridge railway station was a station in Norfolk on the Wisbech and Upwell Tramway commonly known as the Upwell Tramway. It was located north of Outwell. It was opened in 1883 along with the rest of the line, and closed to passengers in 1928 and goods in 1966.
The 2022 Ball State Cardinals baseball team represented Ball State University during the 2022 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Cardinals played their home games at the Ball Diamond as a member of the Mid-American Conference They were led by head coach Rich Maloney, in his tenth year as manager.
Ball State won the MAC regular season championship for the first time in program history.
Scarus ghobban, also known as the blue-barred parrotfish, blue trim parrotfish, cream parrotfish, globe-headed parrotfish, green blotched parrotfish, yellow scale parrotfish, and bluechin parrotfish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish in the family Scaridae.
Alianza Puertorriqueña was a major political party in Puerto Rico.
The party was founded in 1924 by the union of the liberal wing of the Republican Party and the Union of Puerto Rico advocating for more unity amongst people from different ideologies for the benefit of Puerto Rico. This proclaim was headed by Antonio R. Barceló, from the Union Party and President of the Senate of Puerto Rico, Jose Tous Soto and José Celso Barbosa, from the Republican Party.
The union of the parties led to a massive victory at the 1924 general elections with the victory of most of its candidates. However, as the years progressed, the people became more disillusioned with the results and the party lost support. At the 1928 elections, the Alianza still had a victory, but not as wide as its previous one.
By the 1932 general elections, the party had already disappeared.
The Finedonhill Tramway was a British industrial narrow-gauge railway which operated under various ownership between 1875 and 1926.


Anthony Joseph "Tony" Conroy (October 19, 1895 – January 11, 1978) was an American ice hockey player. He played as a forward on the United States hockey teams. The team competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning the silver medal. He moved into the pros with the St. Paul Saints in 1925–26, turning down offers from National Hockey League teams to play out his career in his hometown.
Conroy was born, and died, in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Sealant is a substance used to block the passage of fluids through openings in materials, a type of mechanical seal. In building construction sealant is sometimes synonymous with caulk (especially if acrylic latex or polyurethane based) and also serve the purposes of blocking dust, sound and heat transmission. Sealants may be weak or strong, flexible or rigid, permanent or temporary. Sealants are not adhesives but some have adhesive qualities and are called adhesive-sealants or structural sealants.
The 2012–13 Rockford Rampage season was the first and only season of the new Rockford Rampage indoor soccer club. The Rampage, a Central Division team in the Professional Arena Soccer League, played their home games in the Victory Sports Complex in Loves Park, Illinois. The team was led by owner Saul Robles, head coach Jeff Kraft, and assistant coach Armando Sanchez.
SPECS is an average speed measuring speed camera system introduced in 1999. It is one of the systems used for speed limit enforcement in the United Kingdom.
SPECS was originally manufactured by Speed Check Services Limited, from which it takes its name. The company was acquired by Vysionics in 2010, which in turn was acquired by Jenoptik in 2014.
New Jersey's 14th congressional district in the House of Representatives was eliminated after the 1990 census. As a result of the congressional apportionment performed after this census, New Jersey lost one seat and was reduced to thirteen seats in the House of Representatives.
New Jersey had gained a fourteenth seat following the 1930 census, and had as many as fifteen seats following the 1960 and 1970 censuses. After 1980, New Jersey was back down to fourteen seats.
In the 1980s, the district covered an area surrounding Jersey City, and was represented for seven terms by Frank Guarini.  With the new lines drawn after the 1990 census, this seat was effectively renumbered as the 13th district.
Although a parliamentary democracy, Indian politics has increasingly become dynastic, possibly due to the absence of a party organization, independent civil society associations that mobilize support for the party, and centralized financing of elections. Family members have also led the Congress party for most of the period since 1978 when Indira Gandhi floated the then Congress(I) faction of the party. It also is fairly common in many political parties in Maharashtra.  The dynastic phenomenon is seen from national level down to district level and even village level.The three-tier structure of Panchayati Raj established in the 1960s also helped to create and consolidate the dynastic phenomenon in rural areas. Apart from government,political families also control cooperative institutions, mainly cooperative sugar factories,district cooperative banks in the state, and since the 1980s private for profit colleges. The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party also features several senior leaders who are dynasts. In Maharashtra, the NCP has particularly high level of dynasticism.
Below is a partial list of the political families of Maharashtra state in India.
The United States Indo-Pacific Command (USINDOPACOM) is the unified combatant command of the United States Armed Forces responsible for the Indo-Pacific region.
It is the oldest and largest of the unified combatant commands. Its commander, the senior U.S. military officer in the Pacific, is responsible for more than 375,000 service members as well as an area that encompasses more than 100 million square miles (260,000,000 km2), or roughly 52 percent of the Earth's surface, stretching from the waters of the West Coast of the United States to the east coast maritime borderline waters of India at the meridian 66° longitude east of Greenwich and from the Arctic to the Antarctic. Formerly known as United States Pacific Command (USPACOM), in 2018 the command was renamed to U.S. Indo-Pacific Command in recognition of the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific oceans.
The Indo-Pacific Command consists of a headquarters organization, five subordinate service component commands (U.S. Army Pacific, U.S. Marine Forces Pacific, U.S. Pacific Fleet, U.S. Pacific Air Forces, and U.S. Space Forces Indo-Pacific), three subordinate unified commands (U.S. Forces Japan, U.S. Forces Korea—which includes Special Operations Command Korea—and Special Operations Command Pacific), two direct reporting units (U.S. Pacific Command Joint Intelligence Operations Center and the Center for Excellence in Disaster Management and Humanitarian Assistance), and two standing joint task forces (Joint Interagency Task Force West) and Joint Task Force Red Hill. The INDOPACOM headquarters is the Nimitz-MacArthur Pacific Command Center, located on Camp H. M. Smith in Hawaii.
Cremorne Girls High School, (abbreviation CGHS) is a former high school located on Murdoch Street in the Sydney suburb of Cremorne, New South Wales, Australia. It was a girls high school operated by the New South Wales Department of Education with students from years 7 to 12. The school was first established in 1927 as Neutral Bay Girls Intermediate High School. However, due to declining enrolments the school was declared surplus to the needs of the department and officially closed in 1987. The school and its heritage-listed buildings are now a satellite campus of Redlands.
Gaston Milhaud (10 August 1858, Nîmes – 1 October 1918, Paris) was a French philosopher and historian of science.
Gaston Milhaud studied mathematics with Gaston Darboux at the École Normale Supérieure. In 1881 he took a teaching post at the University of Le Havre. In 1891 he became professor of mathematics at Montpellier University, and in 1895 became professor of philosophy there. In 1909 a chair in the history of philosophy in its relationship to the sciences was created for him at the Sorbonne. Milhaud's successor in the chair was Abel Rey.
Michelle Buckingham (born 1 September 1968 in Los Angeles) is a Canadian former judoka who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Sabbioneta (Casalasco-Viadanese: Subiunèda) is a town and comune in the province of Mantua, Lombardy region, Northern Italy. It is situated about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Parma, not far from the northern bank of the Po River. It is one of I Borghi più belli d'Italia ("The most beautiful villages of Italy"). It was inscribed in the World Heritage List in 2008.


As was the custom since 1930, the 1956 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams. Seven national teams were sent, with 10 cyclists each from France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and Luxembourg/Mixed (the latter a combined team of seven Luxembourgian cyclists plus one Portuguese, one British and one Italian cyclist). France additionally sent five regional teams from 10 cyclists each, divided into Center-North East France, South East France, West France, Ile de France and South West France. In total, 120 cyclists started the race.
The winner of the three previous editions, Louison Bobet, was absent because he had surgery. There were less climbs than usual and no mountain top finishes, so cycling experts expected this edition to be too easy. No other former Tour de France winner started the race. This was the third time in history that the race started without former winners, after the initial 1903 Tour de France and the 1927 Tour de France. As Bobet was not there, the race was open, and so there were many riders thought able to win the Tour. The most favourite of these was probably Charly Gaul, who had won the 1956 Giro d'Italia, although he was in a weak team, and would also be aiming for the mountains classification.
1990 Dakar Rally also known as the 1990 Paris–Dakar Rally was the 12th running of the Dakar Rally event. 465 competitors started from La Défense. The rally was won by 1981 world rally champion, Ari Vatanen, for the third time in four years. The motorcycle class was won by Edi Orioli.
The United States Virgin Islands national basketball team is the side which represents internationally the US Virgin Islands in women's basketball.
The country earned its first continental berth at the 2015 FIBA Americas Women's Championship.
They also competed at the 2017 FIBA Women's AmeriCup, where they qualified for the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, Peru.
Veronica Necula (born 15 May 1967) is a retired Romanian rower. Competing both in coxed fours and eights she won two medals at the 1988 Olympics and two world titles in 1987. After retiring from competitions she worked as a rowing coach at her native club CSA Steaua Bucuresti.
The women's long jump event at the 2020 Summer Olympics took place on 1 and 3 August 2021 at the Japan National Stadium. 30 athletes from 23 nations competed. Germany's 2019 world champion Malaika Mihambo moved up from third  to first with her final round jump of 7.00 metres, to win the gold medal. 2012 Olympic champion Brittney Reese of the USA won the silver and Nigeria's Ese Brume the bronze.
Salvia eremostachya, the rose sage, sand sage, or Californian desert sage, is a perennial shrub native to the western edge of the Colorado Desert. It reaches 2 to 3 ft (0.61 to 0.91 m) high, with purplish green bracts on .75 in (1.9 cm) flowers  that range from blue to rose to nearly white. The flowers grow in whorled clusters, blooming from April to November.
The specific epithet, "eremostachya" (Greek for "desert stachys"), refers to the plants likeness to those of the genus Stachys.
Douglas Gary Speck (October 16, 1947 – March 4, 2010) was a high school teacher and track and field enthusiast.  He carried his love of the sport into becoming a major promoter and source of information.  Starting in 1968, he joined Doug Smith in the creation of the Arcadia Invitational.  Speck oversaw the growth of the meet, from a local spectacle to the premiere in-season nationwide invitational now called the "Home of national records."

He was an innovator. He was thinking of things before others. He really helped in the explosion of our sport.
From his office at Arcadia High School, Speck became the ultimate researcher of the best track athletes around the United States.  In order to attract the best athletes to the Invitational, he had to know who they were, so Speck tracked performances and statistics, writing columns for running publications like California Track and Running News.  In the infancy of the internet, he joined Gonzalez in starting a website providing the most in depth coverage of high school track and field athletes in California.  Merging with John Dye's similar site in North Carolina, they created the nationwide Dyestat site self-described as "The Internet Home of High School Track & Field."  The California version was known as Dyestatcal.
Speck's fountain of information was not limited to print.  He was the P.A. announcer at many of the top high school track and field meets including the Sunkist Invitational, the National Scholastic Indoor Championships, the Foot Locker Cross Country Championships, the Junior National Championships and the series of championship meets that led to the CIF California State Meet.  He worked on the advisory committees for the State Championships for both track and field and cross country.  It has been suggested the enthusiasm he instilled in the crowd encouraged many national records to happen.
Following his untimely death to brain cancer, the National Scholastic Athletics Foundation created an annual award "The Doug Speck Award for Excellence & Innovation."


Lotus Mark IV was a trials car by Colin Chapman built on an Austin 7 chassis. Chapman's success at building trials cars brought another previous customer, Mike Lawson, to order a second trials car in 1952 to replace his Lotus Mark II, in which he won the Wrotham Cup. Once again Chapman chose an Austin Seven as the starting point, reinforcing the frame and installing a four-cylinder 1,172 cc (71.5 cu in), Ford, sidevalve engine. Chapman used all the tricks he had learned in his previous cars, constructing a lightweight aluminium body with a rounded nosecone. He fitted a 3-speed transmission taken from a Ford 8 and the divided front axle as on his previous cars.  
Lawson won his class in the first attempt in this car, following up with others, solidifying Chapman's reputation as a designer and engineer. The success of this car, and other requests for more cars, led Chapman and Michael Allen to establish Lotus Engineering in a disused stable in Hornsey.
Ford Sidevalve Motor
Configuration: S4 SV
Displacement: 1172 cc
Bore/Stroke: 63.5mm x 92.456mm (2.5x3.64")
The Dinagat Islands creation plebiscite was a plebiscite on the creation of the Province of Dinagat Islands from Surigao del Norte province in the Philippines. The plebiscite was held on December 2, 2006, and the results were announced on December 5, 2006.


Matej Radan (born 13 May 1990) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for TuS Heiligenkreuz.
Poštulka (feminine Poštulková) is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Jan Poštulka (born 1949), Czech football player and coach
Marek Poštulka (born 1970), Czech footballer
Tomáš Poštulka (born 1974), Czech footballer
Gülsüm Kav (born 1971) is a Turkish feminist activist, writer and doctor. She is one of the founders of the organisation We Will Stop Femicide Platform, who raise awareness of gender-based violence in Turkey and campaign on behalf of the families of victims of femicide.
The American former boxer Mike Tyson has four tattoos of note. Three—at least two of them prison tattoos—are portraits of men he respects: tennis player Arthur Ashe, Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara, and Chinese communist leader Mao Zedong. The fourth, a face tattoo influenced by the Māori style tā moko, was designed and inked by S. Victor Whitmill in 2003. Tyson associates it with the Māori being warriors and has called it his "warrior tattoo", a name that has also been used in the news media.
Tyson's face tattoo quickly proved iconic and has become strongly associated with him. Its Māori influence has been controversial, spurring claims of cultural appropriation. In 2011, Whitmill filed a copyright suit against Warner Bros. for using the design on the character Stu Price in The Hangover Part II. Warner Bros. responded with a number of defenses, including that tattoos are not copyrightable; supporting them, scholar David Nimmer argued that it violated the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution—which prohibits slavery—to give Whitmill copyright over part of Tyson's body. After initial comments by Judge Catherine D. Perry denying an injunction but affirming that tattoos are copyrightable, Whitmill and Warner Bros. settled for undisclosed terms, without disruption to the release of the film.
The legal action renewed claims of cultural appropriation but also saw some Māori tā moko artists defend Whitmill. Legal scholars have highlighted how the case juxtaposes Māori and Anglo-American attitudes on ownership of images. Despite never making it to trial, the case has been widely discussed in the context of the copyrightability of tattoos, a matter which has never been fully resolved in the United States.
LC Brühl Handball is a women's handball club from St. Gallen in Switzerland. LC Brühl Handball competes in the Spar Premium League.
Msnbot was a web-crawling robot (type of internet bot), deployed by Microsoft to collect documents from the web to build a searchable index for the MSN Search engine. It went into beta in 2004, and had full public release in 2005. The month of October 2010 saw the official retirement of msnbot from most active web crawling duties and its replacement by bingbot.
As of September 2015, msnbot was still active from the Microsoft and the Bing webmaster help & howto documentation still indicated that msnbot was active (but that it would retire soon). The verification tool for bingbot previously did not recognise msnbot IP addresses. A test executed on 2016-02-22 resulted in a yes: "Verdict for IP address 157.55.39.150: Yes - this IP address is a verified Bingbot IP address. Name: msnbot-157-55-39-150.search.msn.com."
The Vengeance of She is a 1968 British fantasy film directed by Cliff Owen and starring John Richardson, Olinka Berova, Edward Judd, André Morell and Colin Blakely. It bears little in common with the 1905 novel Ayesha: The Return of She by H. Rider Haggard. It was made by Hammer Films as a loose sequel to the 1965 hit film She.
"Alpha Beta Gaga" is a song by French electronic music duo Air from their third studio album, Talkie Walkie (2004). It was released on 9 August 2004 as the album's third and final single.
It features acoustic guitar, synthesisers, shamisen, a string section, and a prominent whistling melody. It was rumoured to have been one of the songs Air offered to Madonna to record for her 2003 album American Life after she asked them tentatively to work with her on it.
Hervé Hagard (born 9 November 1971) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Haliclona anonyma, the turret sponge or tubular fan sponge, is a species of demosponge. It is endemic to South Africa, where it occurs between the Cape Peninsula and Sodwana Bay.


Abzhywa (Abkhaz: Abzhuaa - "middle people" – Абжьыуа, Abƶywa; also transliterates as Abzhua from Russian: Абжуа, Абжива; Georgian: აბჟუა) is one of the seven historical regions  in Abkhazia, and accordingly one of the seven stars on Flag of Abkhazia represents Abzhywa. Local residents belong to ethnographic group of Абжуйцы (Abzhui Abkhazians).
Alice Jeanette Williams (June 11, 1914 – October 24, 2008), née Alice Jeanette Klemptner, was an American politician and human and women's rights activist from Seattle, Washington. She served on the Seattle City Council from 1969 to 1989. In 1962, she became the first woman to head the King County Democrats as well as any major political party in a large metropolitan area in the United States.
The Viking Prince is a fictional Viking hero appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. The character first appeared in The Brave and the Bold #1 (August 1955), and was created by Robert Kanigher and drawn by Joe Kubert. He was one of three historical fiction characters to premiere in the first issue (the other two being the Silent Knight and the Golden Gladiator).
Bossiney Castle is a Norman fortification, built in the 11th century, following the Norman invasion of England in 1066. It is in the village of Bossiney, in North Cornwall The remains of the motte are on private land with no public access, but can be viewed from the B3263, lying behind the 19th-century Methodist Chapel.
There are no records of antiquarian or archaeological excavation having been carried out at this site, but it was surveyed in 1852 by Henry MacLauchlan, and subsequently by others. When scheduled as a Historic Monument in 1928 the mound measured 46 metres in diameter, and 5.9 metres high. There remained evidence of a ditch surrounding the motte, in a poor state of preservation, 20 metres in width, and surviving to 0.9 metres in depth.
Wayne Francis Harris (born 17 December 1960 in Muswellbrook, New South Wales) is an Australian jockey who is best known for riding Jeune to victory in the 1994 Melbourne Cup.
Wayne Harris was first apprenticed to Pat Farrell, Muswellbrook, NSW and broke all records as an apprentice (558 race wins) riding in and around the Hunter Valley region of NSW. In addition to his Melboune Cup victory, he is known widely for winning the STC Golden Slipper Stakes in 1979 aboard Century Miss for master trainer Bart Cummings. He is the youngest rider to achieve the feat.
Whilst riding, Wayne rode over 1800 winners including 41 feature race winners in several countries including Australia, Ireland, Singapore and Hong Kong. He rode 35 Group One winners.
Throughout his career Wayne rode for many top-line trainers including Bart Cummings, Gai Waterhouse, T.J Smith, David Hayes and Graeme Begg.
His off-field battle with cancer and debilitating health conditions due to race riding is just as courageous as his on-track successes. Wayne is a regular Lexus Melbourne Cup Tour Ambassador taking the coveted Lexus Melbourne Cup Trophy to communities across the land.
Tremella tubulosae is a lichenicolous fungus on Hypogymnia tubulosa. Tremella tubulosae was described as new in 2020 and has been recorded in Scotland and Spain. It forms pale to dark brown or blackish galls on its host.
The 2019 Southern Conference baseball tournament was held from May 21 through 26 at Fluor Field at the West End in Greenville, South Carolina.  The annual event determined the conference champion of the Division I Southern Conference in college baseball.  The tournament winner, Mercer Bears, earned the league's bid to the 2019 NCAA Division I baseball tournament.  This was the last of 20 athletic championships held by the conference in the 2018–19 academic year.
The tournament was originally held from 1950–53, when the Southern Conference was a large conference composed of several small schools and several large schools, the latter of which would form the Atlantic Coast Conference after the 1953 season.  The event was re-established in 1984 and has been held every year since.  Western Carolina has claimed ten championships, the most of any school, with The Citadel close behind at eight tournament wins.  Furman and defending champion Samford are the only other current schools with multiple championships, having each won two.  East Tennessee State and VMI have never won a title, although they both returned to the conference in 2015 after over ten years in other conferences.  Mercer claimed the conference championship in its first ever appearance in 2015.
The tournament was played in Greenville, which has hosted six of the past ten events.
Angophora leiocarpa, commonly known as rusty gum, is a species of small to medium-sized tree that is endemic to eastern Australia. It has smooth bark on the trunk and branches, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds usually in groups of three, white or creamy white flowers and smooth barrel-shaped to cup-shaped fruit.


London Buses route RV1 was a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. It ran between Covent Garden and Tower Gateway station, and was last operated by Tower Transit.
Oreophryne moluccensis is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is endemic to Indonesia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Eleanor Sophia Smith (June 15, 1858 – June 30, 1942) was an American composer and music educator. She was one of the founders of Chicago's Hull House Music School, and headed its music department from 1893 to 1936.
Born into a musical family, Smith taught herself to play the piano and later became a classically trained musician. Earning a teaching degree, she began publishing music compositions for children using the philosophy of Friedrich Fröbel, advocating for less memorization and drilling and more attention to intuitive appreciation of music. Studying composition and voice in Germany, she also toured the country observing choirs and their teaching techniques.
Returning to the United States in 1890, Smith began working at the settlement house, Hull House, as a music instructor. Within three years she had co-founded the Hull House Music School, a school which followed her progressive teaching ideas, cross-training students in vocal music as well as instruments. Simultaneously, she worked in several institutions in the Chicago area which trained music educators.
Smith published numerous compilations of songs, including two six-volume textbook series, which were widely used throughout the United States. Most of her writings were focused on children's voices and contained short songs written with attention paid to the limited range and short attention span of children. Many of her compositions were still being used in music education programs in the latter part of the 20th century.
Mauricio de Zúñiga (died 1816) was a Spanish military officer who served as governor of West Florida from 1812 to 1813, and again in 1816.
Louisiana Highway 830 is a collection of six state highways which serve Bastrop in Morehouse Parish.


The La Cordillera Reef Nature Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Natural Arrecifes de la Cordillera), also known as the Reserva Natural Cayos de la Cordillera (Cordillera Cay Nature Reserve), is a nature reserve located 1.5 nautical miles off the coast of the barrio of Cabezas in the municipality of Fajardo in northeastern Puerto Rico. It consists of a small chain of cays, reefs, and islets, collectively known as La Cordillera (''the mountain range'') or Cayos de la Cordillera (Cordillera Cays). From west to east, the archipelago comprises Las Cucarachas islets, Los Farallones islets, Icacos cay, Ratones cay, Lobos cay, Palominos island, Palominitos island, La Blanquilla cay and islets, Diablo cay, Hermanos reefs, and Barriles reefs. The nature reserve covers about 18 nautical miles and almost 30,000 acres between cape Las Cabezas de San Juan  in Cabezas, Fajardo and the Spanish virgin island of Culebra. 
With the exception of Palominos island and Lobos cay, which are privately owned, all cays, reefs, and islets in the small chain are protected by the marine reserve. The total land area of the reserve is 218 acres. The nature reserve is also important for local fishermen and eastern coastal municipalities, including Fajardo, Ceiba, and Naguabo, which depend on the reserve for their fishing industries.
Although occasionally included as part of the reserve, the cays and reefs outside the chain that lie immediately next and parallel to the main coastline of Puerto Rico in Fajardo and Ceiba are not strictly protected by the reserve. From north to south, these are: Obispo cay, Zancudo cay, Roncador reef, Mata Caballos reef, Corona Carrillo reef, Ahogado cay, Ramos island, Largo cay, Piñeros island, Cabeza de Perro cay, Piñerito cay, Cabritas cay, and Cabras island.
The men's 50 metre breaststroke event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, as part of the swimming programme, took place on 27 and 28 July at the Tollcross International Swimming Centre in Glasgow, Scotland.
The medals were presented by Dr. Sharad Rao, Honorary Legal Advisor of the Commonwealth Games Federation and the quaichs were presented by Prof. Lorne Crerar, Chairman of Harper Macleod.
Once Removed may refer to:

Once removed, a cousin with one removal of generational separation
Once Removed, a novel by Andrew Unger
First Cousin Once Removed, a 2012 documentary
Once Removed, an episode in series 4 of Inside No. 9
Ploštín (Hungarian: Plostin) is a settlement and a borough of Liptovský Mikuláš in northern Slovakia, located 3 km south of the city center. In 2009, Ploštín had a population of 481.
First Brother Island is an island on the Ohio River along the shores of the city of Belmont in Pleasants County, West Virginia, USA. French Creek empties into the Ohio on its eastern end. First Brother Island contains a number of operating oil wells.
Kashkalevo (Russian: Кашкалево; Bashkir: Кәшкәләү, Käşkäläw) is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative centre of Kashkalevsky Selsoviet, Burayevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 271 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
The 2012 KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships in speed skating were held at the Thialf ice stadium in Heerenveen, Netherlands.
Novonikolayevka (Russian: Новониколаевка) is a rural locality (a village) in Bazhenovsky Selsoviet, Belebeyevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 54 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Qallwa (Quechua for a little branch, also for an instrument out of wood or bones which the weavers use to press the threads of the cloth, Hispanicized spelling Jallhua) is a 5,110-metre-high (16,765 ft) mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Arequipa Region, Castilla Province, Andagua District.


Prairie Springs Township is a township in Jackson County, Iowa, United States. As of 2010, the township has a population of 627.
Brand.com was an American online reputation and brand management company based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was founded as Reputation Changer in 2009. In 2013, it purchased the Brand.com domain name for $500,000, and changed its name. The company provided Internet search management, creating positive web articles about its clients in order to have them overtake negative news, and Wikipedia profile management. The company filed for bankruptcy in 2015 and was shut down.
Mount Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church in New Bern, Craven County, North Carolina.  It was built in 1924, and is a one-story, rectangular brick church building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style.  It features a tall projecting, corner tower. A two-story addition for Sunday School classrooms, a kitchen, and dining area was built in the 1970s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
2022 WDF season of darts comprises every tournament of World Darts Federation. The prize money of the tournaments may vary depending on category.
Two of WDF's most prestigious events are due to be held in 2022, WDF World Darts Championship (to be held in April'22), WDF World Masters (to be held in December'22)
2022 is the second year in darts under WDF-sole management after the demise of BDO in 2020.
A comarca (Spanish: [koˈmaɾka] , Portuguese: [kuˈmaɾkɐ], Catalan: [kuˈmarkə] , Galician: [koˈmaɾka̝]) is a traditional region or local administrative division found in Portugal, Spain, and some of their former colonies, like Brazil, Nicaragua, and Panama. The term is derived from the term marca, meaning a "march, mark", plus the prefix co-, meaning "together, jointly".
The comarca is known in Aragonese as redolada (IPA: [reðoˈlaða]) and in Basque as eskualde (IPA: [es̺kualde]). In addition, in Galician, comarcas are also called bisbarras (IPA: [bizˈβarɐs]). 
Although the English word "county" and its near synonym "shire" have similar meanings, they are usually translated into Spanish and Portuguese as condado, a term which in the Iberian Peninsula refers only to regions historically ruled by a conde (count or earl). However, "comarca" is occasionally used such as in the Spanish Wikipedia entry for comarca and some translations of The Lord of the Rings (see below).


Kenneth Inman Carr Clark  (31 July 1922 – 10 June 2012) was a New Zealand-born British ceramicist, best known for his decorative tiles.
David Pugh (died 2022) was a British actor, probably best known for playing opposite Rosamund Greenwood and Roy Evans in an acclaimed early film by director Tony Scott, Loving Memory, which was shown at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival. Other film roles included Daft Jamie in Burke & Hare (1971), one of the leads in the 1972 sex comedy The Love Pill, and a creditor in Christine Edzard's 1987 Dickens adaptation, Little Dorrit.
Among his stage credits were Lock Up Your Daughters (Mermaid Theatre, 1969), Yepihodov in The Cherry Orchard (Riverside Studios, 1978) and a 1978-79 spell at London's National Theatre, appearing in plays by Shakespeare, Edward Bond, John Galsworthy and Leo Tolstoy. Television roles, spanning the period from 1968 to 1993, include Pathfinders (1972), The Adventures of Black Beauty (1973), The Death of Glory in the Armchair Theatre series (1973), Robert's Robots (1974), Out of Bounds (1977), Poldark (1977), both The First Part of Henry The Sixt and The Second Part of Henry The Sixt in the BBC Shakespeare series (1983), and The Citadel (1983).
Pugh also appeared in three of the BBC's classic Ghost Story for Christmas adaptations, playing John in The Stalls of Barchester (first shown on 24 December 1971), the porter in A Warning to the Curious (24 December 1972) and a herdsman in The Ash Tree (23 December 1975).
Pugh's death was announced by the entertainment union Equity in June 2022.
This is a list of rivers in Algeria. This list is arranged west to east by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.
Píxeles de familia (lit. 'Family pixels') is a 2019 Peruvian drama film written and directed by Gerardo Ruiz Miñán in his directorial debut. It tells the story of a family from Lima, whose routine is altered by circumstances that can happen to anyone. It stars Paul Vega, Sergio Gjurinovic, Yvonne Frayssinet, Wendy Vásquez and Lizet Chávez. It premiered on 10 October 2019 in Peruvian theaters.
US de la Comoé is a Burkinabé football club based in Banfora. They play their home games at the Stade Banfora. The club's colors are blue and yellow.
Steve French (September 24, 1959 – June 22, 2016) was an American baritone who was the emcee and owner of the Kingdom Heirs. Born in Mascot, Tennessee, French claimed in concert performances to have founded the group with his brother Kreis in 1981. Nevertheless, the historical record shows that the Kingdom Heirs were founded in Knoxville, Tennessee in 1971. Both Steve and Kreis French first forayed into musical performance in their church. Steve traveled with regional groups the Crystal River Boys and the King's Servants prior to joining the Kingdom Heirs in 1982.
In 2002, French and his brother faced the task of replacing three key group members who had all resigned at the same time. They managed to keep the group a fan favorite. In addition to his past responsibilities with the Kingdom Heirs, he served on the board of directors for the National Quartet Convention. On June 22, 2016, French and girlfriend, Lindsey Hudson, jumped to their death from the New River Gorge Bridge in Fayette County, West Virginia. They both had active arrest warrants.
Boudreauville is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Richmond County on Isle Madame.
Ronald Ebanks (born 21 April 1983 in the Cayman Islands) is a Cayman Islands cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace and off spin bowler, he has played for the Cayman Islands national cricket team since 2004.
Karolis Juozovic Požela (29 February 1896 – 27 December 1926) was one of the early Lithuanian communist leaders.
As a medical student at the University of Tartu, he joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (bolsheviks) in 1916. In the short-lived Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic he organized communists in Šiauliai. After the collapse of the Soviet regime, Požela joined the underground Communist Party of Lithuania (CPL) becoming a member of its Central Committee in 1921. When party leadership was arrested in Königsberg in 1921, he remained essentially the only party leader in Lithuania. He continued political work and became a member of CPL Orgburo in 1923 and Politburo in 1926. At various times, he edited and published various communist newspapers and publications, including Tiesa (Truth), Kareivių tiesa (Soldiers' Truth), and Darbininkų gyvenimas (Life of Workers). For his communist activities, he was imprisoned a total of six times. When Lithuanian military organized the coup d'état of 17 December 1926, the official rationale was to protect Lithuania from an imminent Bolshevik revolt (historians found no credible evidence of such revolt). In the aftermath, many communists were arrested. Požela and three others, who became known as the four communards, were executed on 27 December in the Sixth Fort of the Kaunas Fortress.
Parker Coody ( KOO-dee; born January 7, 2000) is an American professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour.
The Kilpisjärvi Atmospheric Imaging Receiver Array (KAIRA) is an astronomical observatory operated by the Sodankylä Geophysical Observatory on behalf of Oulu University. It is located at Kilpisjärvi, Enontekiö near the border with Norway. It comprises two LOFAR-derived radio telescope systems and is capable of observing at HF and VHF radio frequencies. It is used for atmospheric, near-Earth space and astronomical research. KAIRA uses LOFAR phased-array antennas and digital signal-processing hardware. The phased array configuration has no moving parts and with digital control, allows KAIRA to quickly scan the sky, giving KAIRA a large field of view. KAIRA can produce a continuous all-sky image of the radio transparency of ionosphere, using cosmic radio noise for "illumination" (riometry). KAIRA can also obtain electron density profiles in the atmosphere. This allows the study of the interaction of the solar wind with the atmosphere, such as in aurora borealis and other space weather phenomena. In addition to near-space imaging, the use of KAIRA has been demonstrated for long-baseline interferometry observations of pulsars.
It operates as either a stand-alone passive receiver, as a receiver for the EISCAT VHF incoherent scatter radar (a conventional dish-type emitter) located at Ramfjordmoen, near Tromsø, Norway, or for use in conjunction with other regional VHF experiments. The site is also a pathfinder for the EISCAT_3D system, a planned network of KAIRA-like phased array systems for three-dimensional imaging.
The system consists of a phased array receivers grouped in two separate arrays – one composed of 48 LOFAR Low-Band Antennas (LBA) covering the 10–90 MHz band and another composed of 48 LOFAR High-Band Antenna (HBA) covering the 110–270 MHz range. The HBA array is oriented in the direction of the EISCAT Tromsø radar, which transmits at approximately 224 MHz. Together with the EISCAT transmitter, KAIRA forms a bistatic radar system, capable on performing observation with at least 20 simultaneously beams pointing at different altitudes along the EISCAT transmitter beams.
The LBA array has been configured approximately the same as the inner configuration of a LOFAR remote station (RS-INNER). The circular, quasi-random antenna distribution has been chosen to optimise the beam pattern of the array. The LBA array is used for solar astronomy, general radio astronomy, ionospheric scintillation, multi-frequency riometry and other passive receiver experiments.
Susan G. Hadden (June 4, 1944 – January 15, 1995) was a Professor in the Lyndon Baines Johnson School of Public Affairs and the Center for Asian Studies at the University of Texas at Austin, United States.
Vytautas Magnus University Education Academy (Lithuanian: Vytauto Didžiojo universiteto Švietimo akademija or VDU ŠA) – an academical unit of Vytautas Magnus University, which specialized in preparing school teachers and other educators. Located in Vilnius and Kaunas, Lithuania.
The de Havilland Propellers Blue Streak was a British Intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM), and later the first stage of the Europa satellite launch vehicle. Blue Streak was cancelled without entering full production.
The project was intended to maintain an independent British nuclear deterrent, replacing the V bomber fleet which would become obsolete by 1965. The operational requirement for the missile was issued in 1955 and the design was complete by 1957. During development, it became clear that the missile system was too expensive and too vulnerable to a surprise attack. The missile project was cancelled in 1960, with US-led Skybolt the preferred replacement.
Partly to avoid political embarrassment from the cancellation, the UK government proposed that the rocket be used as the first stage of a civilian satellite launcher called Black Prince. As the cost was thought to be too great for the UK alone, international collaboration was sought. This led to the formation of the European Launcher Development Organisation (ELDO), with Blue Streak used as the first stage of a carrier rocket named Europa.
Europa was tested at Woomera Test Range, Australia and later at Kourou in French Guiana. Following launch failures, the ELDO project was cancelled in 1972 and Blue Streak with it.
The Thomas Jefferson School is a historic elementary school building located in Sacramento, California designed in the Tudor Revival style. Designed by Sacramento School District’s Architectural and Engineering Commission Chairman E.C. Hemmings and James S. Dean of local architecture firm Dean & Dean, and built by Robert Trost.


Tarsha Jones, better known as Miss Jones, is an American R&B singer and radio personality. She previously worked for WQHT in New York City and 103.9 The Beat and WUSL in Philadelphia. Miss Jones was the first black woman to host Morning Radio on a hip hop radio format. She currently hosts the morning show for classic hip-hop "94.7 The Block" WXBK serving the New York City area.
Bahal may refer to:

Bahal, Cambodia
Bahal, India
Bahal, Indonesia, a village in North Sumatra, Indonesia
Bahal temple, an 11th-century Buddhist temple in Bahal, Indonesia
Bahal, Iran
Bahal, Nepal, a type of courtyard
Bahal Tambunan, Indonesian geoscientist
Seniehun or Bahal, Sierra Leone
Te Bahal, the largest bahal (courtyard) in Kathmandu, Nepal
Bahal, an alcoholic drink that is a precursor to the bahalina palm wine of the Philippines
The Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival (セイジ・オザワ 松本フェスティバル, Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Fesutibaru, OMF), formerly known as the Saito Kinen Festival Matsumoto (サイトウ・キネン・フェスティバル松本, Saitō Kinen Fesutibaru Matsumoto, SKF), is an annual classical music festival held in August and September in Matsumoto, Nagano, Japan, founded in 1992 by conductor Seiji Ozawa.
The festival's resident orchestra is the renowned Saito Kinen Orchestra.
Honde refers to:

Honde, a cultivar of Karuka
Honde River, a river in Zimbabwe and Mozambique
Honde Valley, the African valley containing the Honde River
Steph Honde (born 1975), French musician
Albin Swoboda may refer to:

Albin Swoboda, Sr. (1836-1901), operatic tenor
Albin Swoboda, Jr. (1883-1970), operatic bass-baritone and son of Albin Swoboda, Sr.
Archibald Menzies ( MING-iss; 15 March 1754 – 15 February 1842) was a Scottish surgeon, botanist and naturalist. He spent many years at sea, serving with the Royal Navy, private merchants, and the Vancouver Expedition. He was the first recorded European to reach the summit of the Hawaiian volcano Mauna Loa and introduced the Monkey Puzzle tree to England.
The discography of English-Irish vocalist/rapper Maverick Sabre consists of four studio albums, one mixtape, one extended play and eighteen singles (and an additional nineteen as a featured artist).
Sabre released his debut single, "Let Me Go" in the United Kingdom on 22 July 2011. The track peaked at number sixteen on the UK chart, also reaching number twenty-seven and number thirty-eight on the Scottish chart and Irish chart respectively. The release was succeeded by second single, "I Need", which was released on 4 November 2011. The track saw Sabre achieve a second consecutive top twenty hit, peaking at number eighteen in the UK; also reaching number twenty-four and number forty in Scotland and Ireland. The singer's debut studio album, Lonely Are the Brave, was released on 6 February 2012—debuting at number two in the UK and Scotland and number three in Ireland. The album was preceded by the release of a third single, "No One", which peaked at number fifty in the UK.
The singer has also appeared as a featured artist on two occasions, the first on British rapper Professor Green's single "Jungle", taken from the album Alive Till I'm Dead (2010). The track was released on 3 January 2011 in the UK, peaking at number thirty-one. Sabre also appeared alongside Green on True Tiger's "In the Air", which, having been released on 22 June 2011, peaked at number fifty-two.
Nora la rebelde (in English "Nora the Rebel") is a 1979 Mexican comedy film directed by Mauricio de la Serna and starring Olga Breeskin and Andrés García.
Circus Days is a 1923 American silent comedy film starring child actor Jackie Coogan, directed by Eddie Cline, produced by Sol Lesser and Jackie Coogan's own production company, and distributed through Associated First National Pictures. It is based on the 1877 novel Toby Tyler; or, Ten Weeks with a Circus by James Otis.
Malek Jamshid (Persian: ملک جمشید, "King Jamshid") is the twelfth studio album by Iranian singer-songwriter and guitarist Kourosh Yaghmaei. The album was released on June 10, 2016 by Now-Again Records in the United States after it was banned in Iran. The title refers to the legendary king Jamshid from the Shahnameh.
Gerhart Friedlander (July 28, 1916 – September 6, 2009) was an American nuclear chemist who worked on the Manhattan Project.
Friedlander was born in Munich, and fled Nazi Germany for the United States in 1936. After emigrating, he studied with Glenn Seaborg at the University of California, Berkeley, earning a PhD in 1942. In 1943, he joined the Manhattan Project, and in 1944 became the leader of the radioactive lanthanum (RaLa) group in the Chemistry Division.
After the war, he was a research associate at General Electric from 1946-1948, lectured at Washington University in St. Louis in 1948, and then spent the bulk of his career at Brookhaven National Laboratory, where he served as head of the chemistry department between 1968 and 1977. He conducted fundamental research into the mechanics of nuclear reactions, developing models that remained in use at the time of his death. Friedlander also played a leading role in advocating for and preparing a gallium solar-neutrino experiment, which evolved into the GALLEX experiment in Italy.
Along with Joseph W. Kennedy, he was the co-author of Nuclear and Radiochemistry, a classic textbook on nuclear chemistry.
Still Run is the second studio album by American band Wet. It was released on July 13, 2018 by Columbia Records. It was announced on May 11, 2018, with the release of the third single off the album, "Lately". The first single off the album, "There's a Reason" was released on March 9, 2018. The same day, a US tour with Inc. No World was announced. The album was supported by four singles, "There's a Reason", "Softens", "Lately", and "You're Not Wrong". It is the band's first album without founding member Marty Sulkow, who left the band one year earlier due to "tensions mounted over artistic direction".
Saint Thomas Parish may refer to:

Saint Thomas, Barbados
Saint Thomas Parish, Jamaica
Carex projecta, the necklace sedge, is a species of sedge that was first described by Kenneth Mackenzie in 1908.


In patent law, the research exemption or safe harbor exemption is an exemption to the rights conferred by patents, which is especially relevant to drugs. According to this exemption, despite the patent rights, performing research and tests for preparing regulatory approval, for instance by the FDA in the United States, does not constitute infringement for a limited term before the end of patent term. This exemption allows generic manufacturers to prepare generic drugs in advance of the patent expiration.
In the United States, this exemption is also technically called § 271(e)(1) exemption or Hatch-Waxman exemption. In 2005, the U.S. Supreme Court considered the scope of the Hatch-Waxman exemption in Merck v. Integra. The Supreme Court held that the statute exempts from infringement all uses of compounds that are reasonably related to submission of information to the government under any law regulating the manufacture, use or distribution of drugs.
In Canada, this exemption is known as the Bolar provision or Roche-Bolar provision, named after the case Roche Products v. Bolar Pharmaceutical.
In the European Union, equivalent exemptions are allowed under the terms of EC Directives 2001/82/EC (as amended by Directive 2004/28/EC) and 2001/83/EC (as amended by Directives 2002/98/EC, 2003/63/EC, 2004/24/EC and 2004/27/EC).


Canadian Academy (CA; カネディアン・アカデミイ Kanedian Akademii), founded in 1913, is an independent pre-K – grade 12 international school in Kobe, Japan. The day and boarding school consists of an elementary school, middle school, and high school all located on the campus on Rokkō Island, a man-made island. The school is approved by the Japanese Ministry of Education and accredited by the U.S. based Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and the Council of International Schools (CIS). The school is certified to award both the International Baccalaureate (IB) and U.S. high school diplomas.


The Alaska salmon fishery is a managed fishery that supports the annual harvest of five species of wild Pacific Salmon for commercial fishing, sport fishing, subsistence by Alaska Native communities, and personal use by local residents. The salmon harvest in Alaska is the largest in North America and represents about 80% of the total wild-caught catch, with harvests from Canada and the Pacific Northwest representing the remainder In 2017 over 200 million salmon were caught in Alaskan waters by commercial fishers, representing $750 million in exvessel value. Salmon fishing is a nearly ubiquitous activity across Alaska, however the most valuable salmon fisheries are in the Bristol Bay, Prince William Sound and Southeast regions.
Overfishing in the middle of the 20th century led to a precipitous decline in stocks and the development of a comprehensive fisheries management system overseen by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game. Stocks have since rebounded and the Alaska salmon fishery has been certified as sustainable by the Marine Stewardship Council since 2000.
The Hun shrew (Crocidura attila) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Mali, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Nigeria. Its natural habitats are tropical or subtropical moist lowland or montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
James Fisher is an actor and producer. He studied acting at the London Drama School (Trinity Licentiate Diploma in Performance Arts).
Known for his roles in Tim Burton's Beetlejuice Beetlejuice, BBC's Call The Midwife, ITV's Tina & Bobby, and BBC2 Comedy White Gold, James also starred in, and produced, Raindance Festival selection Black Smoke Rising and the 'best film' award winning Monk3ys. Both films marked his first steps into producing.
Previous acting roles include Green Street, Oscar winning The Constant Gardener, Irwin Winkler's De-Lovely and a large selection of independent films including Vengeance, Aux, Invasion of the Not Quite Dead, and award winning UK horror film The Zombie Diaries playing the character Geoff.
Corinna Harfouch (German: [koˈʁɪna haʁˈfʊx] ; née Meffert; born 16 October 1954) is a German actress.
Ermenberga (fl. 6th/7th centuries CE) was a Visigoth princess, a daughter of the king of Spain, Witteric
In 606 she married Theuderic II, the Frankish king of Burgundy.  
Soon after the marriage, she was repudiated by Theuderic, supposedly at the insistence of Brunhild, Theuderic's grandmother, who may have seen Ermenberga as a challenge to her power.  Brunhild, who wielded significant control over the kingdom and grandson, was even accused by some chroniclers - such as Aimoin - of using magic to sway Theuderic away from Ermenberga.
Some chronicles claim that Theuderic kept Ermenberga's dowry when he sent her back to Spain. Her eventual fate is uncertain.  Her father Witteric, furious at this repudiation, attempted to form a military alliance against his former son-in-law, but failed.
Al-Khilani Square (Arabic: ساحة الخلاني) is a roundabout located in al-Rusafa side of Baghdad, Iraq. The square is home to many markets and departments as well as al-Khilani Mosque where the square got its name. In addition, the square is located in the center of various important streets that lead to important centers such as al-Jumhuriya Street which leads to the Shorja area, the street that leads to al-Sinak Bridge, and al-Tahrir Square which is 500 meters away. In recent years, the square saw many demonstrations taking place in it.
Aglaja may refer to:

An alternative form of Aglaia (given name)
Aglaja Brix (born 1990), German actress
Aglaja Orgeni (1841–1926), Hungarian opera singer
Aglaya, a character in Dostoyevski's novel The Idiot
Aglaja, 1893 opera by Leo Blech
Aglaja (dance company), from Bruges, Belgium
Aglaja (gastropod), a genus of sea slugs
47 Aglaja, a large main belt asteroid
W.J. Jeffery & Co was a London gun and rifle maker.
The Third Battle of Novi (6 November 1799) saw a French Republican corps commanded by Laurent Gouvion Saint-Cyr defend itself against an attack by a Habsburg Austrian corps led by Paul Kray during the War of the Second Coalition. Saint-Cyr led the right wing of the French Army of Italy which defended Genoa. Saint-Cyr advanced his troops into the lowlands but withdrew into the hills near Novi when Kray appeared with a superior force. Saint-Cyr did not have enough horses to move his artillery, so he tried to lure his Austrian opponents into attacking his four hidden guns. Finally, Kray advanced and fell into the trap; the French guns opened fire and Saint-Cyr's men counterattacked, inflicting serious losses. Wisely, Saint-Cyr did not follow his retreating foes into the plain where the Austrian artillery and cavalry waited.
Lieutenant–Colonel Charles Octavius Head, DSO (30 May 1869 – 16 October 1952) was an Irish colonel in the British Army, and author of four books including his autobiography, No Great Shakes. His mansion, Derrylahan, was burned during the Irish War of Independence. Head later moved his family to Hinton Hall, Pontesbury in Shropshire. His home near Pontesbury was also destroyed by fire, this time accidentally, when much of his library was incinerated, making his written works rare.
Glenea mouhoti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by James Thomson in 1865. It is known from Laos, China, Vietnam, Cambodia, and Thailand. It feeds on Tectona grandis and Gmelina arborea.
François Bachy (born 6 March 1960) is a French journalist. He was born in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine. After obtaining a master's degree in political science, he joined the Training Centre for Journalists (CFJ).
The Zimbabwe National Paralympic Committee (ZNPC) is responsible for Zimbabwe's participation in the Paralympic Games, and for overseeing disability sports in the country. Its mission it to support athletes with disabilities "competing at both the grassroots and elite levels".
The Zimbabwe National Paralympic Committee was only officially launched and registered in 2010. Prior to this, "the government provided financial aid during the Paralympic Games, [but] there was no co-ordinated mechanism to maintain athletes' momentum between the Games", and athletes "had to find their own sponsor, coach and manager who would finance the training, travelling and their participation at competitions".
The 2007 Superstars Series season was the fourth season of the Campionato Italiano Superstars (Italian Superstars Championship) and the inaugural season of the International Superstars Series.
The Italian championship was won by Gianni Morbidelli driving for Audi, while the international series was won by Giuliano Alessi driving for BMW.
Francis K. Lelo is a Kenyan academic, researcher and academic administrator. He is an associate professor of Environmental Studies at Egerton University. He has also served as the vice chancellor Laikipia University and as ag. Prior to that, he was a principal at Kisii University College (South-Western Kenya). Francis K. Lelo is an expert in community mobilization and is well known for his efforts in environmental conservation.
Botohui-Tarhun (13th Century CE), also spelled Botoqui Tarqun (Chinese: 孛脫灰·塔兒渾), was the queen of a 13th century Siberian tribe. mentioned in the Secret History of the Mongols. The name "Botohui-Tarhun" roughly translates to "Big and Fierce"
The Islamic Republic of Iran's International Holy Quran Competition is the international Islamic Quran reading event that has been held annually since 1982 in Iran.
Afromurzinia is a genus of tiger moths in the family Erebidae and found in the Afrotropics. The genus was erected by Vladimir Viktorovitch Dubatolov and Patrick G. Haynes in 2008.
Team Sparebanken Sør, (UCI team code: TSS) was a Norwegian licensed, UCI Continental cycling team, based in Grimstad, Norway. The team consisted of eleven competitive riders. Grimstad resident and former professional cyclist, Thor Hushovd, owned the team.
The team was originally conceived as a feeder team for Cervélo TestTeam. The team's directeur sportifs were Atle Kvålsvoll and Olav Aleksander Benjaminsen.
The team disbanded at the end of the 2017 season.
Art of the Duo is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and saxophonist Jim Pepper recorded in 1988 and released on the German Tutu label.


FR-1 was the second French satellite. Planned as the first French satellite, it was launched on 6 December 1965—ten days after the actual first French satellite, Astérix—by an American Scout X-4 rocket from the Western Range at Vandenberg Air Force Base. The scientific satellite studied the composition and structure of the ionosphere, plasmasphere, and magnetosphere by measuring the propagation of very low frequency (VLF) waves and the electron density of plasma in those portions of the Earth's atmosphere. FR-1's VLF receiver operated until 26 August 1968. FR-1 remains in orbit as of 2023.
The West Suriname Plan (Dutch: West-Surinameplan) was an economic development plan for the western part of Suriname. As originally conceived, it consists among others of the mining of bauxite in the Bakhuis Mountains, the building of a hydroelectric power plant on the Kabalebo River, and the construction of a harbour and an aluminium smelter at Apoera. The plan was the brainchild of former Surinamese Minister of Development Frank Essed.
Jack Mull (born September 29, 1943 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania) is a former minor league baseball catcher, a major league coach, and minor league manager, and is currently a minor league coach.
Zhijiang (Chinese: 枝江; pinyin: Zhījiāng) is a county-level city of Yichang City, in the west of Hubei province, People's Republic of China. Until the 1990s Zhijiang was a county. It is located on the left (northern) shore of the Yangtze River, downstream from Yichang center city.
Olivia Egleston Phelps Stokes (January 11, 1847 – December 14, 1927) was an American writer and benefactor to many organisations that helped the underprivileged in the United States including supporting churches, libraries, educational establishments, orphanages, housing and more.
Jang Chul-Woo  (Korean: 장철우; born 5 April 1971) is a South Korean retired footballer who played as a midfielder. He is considered one of the legendary players in Daejeon Citizen.


The Public Relations Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed, electronic academic journal covering topics having to do with public relations and communication studies. It is published quarterly by the Institute for Public Relations and the Public Relations Society of America. The editor-in-chief is Hilary Fussell Sisco (Quinnipiac University).
James Young (January 1, 1872 – June 9, 1948) was an American film director, actor, and screenwriter of the silent era.  Before films Young had a successful career as a stage actor appearing on Broadway and throughout the country, and was the author of a notable 1905 book on theatrical makeup. Young directed more than 90 films between 1912 and 1928. He also appeared as an actor in 60 films between 1909 and 1917.
His first wife was librettist Rida Johnson Young who often composed with Victor Herbert. His second wife was film actress Clara Kimball Young, 18 years his junior, who kept his surname after they divorced.
James Young died in New York City on June 9, 1948.
Crack closure is a phenomenon in fatigue loading, where the opposing faces of a crack remain in contact even with an external load acting on the material. As the load is increased, a critical value will be reached at which time the crack becomes open.  Crack closure occurs from the presence of material propping open the crack faces and can arise from many sources including plastic deformation or phase transformation during crack propagation, corrosion of crack surfaces, presence of fluids in the crack, or roughness at cracked surfaces.
The lowest natural temperature ever directly recorded at ground level on Earth is −89.2 °C (−128.6 °F; 184.0 K) at the then-Soviet Vostok Station in Antarctica on 21 July 1983 by ground measurements.
On 10 August 2010, satellite observations showed a surface temperature of −92 °C (−134 °F; 181 K) at 81.8°S 59.3°E﻿ / -81.8; 59.3, along a ridge between Dome Argus and Dome Fuji, at 3,900 m (12,800 ft) elevation. The result was reported at the 46th annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco in December 2013; it is a provisional figure, and may be subject to revision. The value is not listed as the record lowest temperature as it was measured by remote sensing from satellite and not by ground-based thermometers, unlike the 1983 record. The temperature announced reflects that of the ice surface, while the Vostok readings measured the air above the ice, and so the two are not directly comparable. More recent work shows many locations in the high Antarctic where surface temperatures drop to approximately −98 °C (−144 °F; 175 K). Due to the very strong temperature gradient near the surface, these imply near-surface air temperature minima of approximately −94 °C (−137 °F; 179 K).


Wooah (; wuu-AH; Korean: 우아!; RR: Ua!, stylized in all caps; formerly known as woo!ah!) is a South Korean girl group launched by NV Entertainment (later SSQ Entertainment, and now H Music Entertainment). The group consists of members: Nana, Wooyeon, Sora, Lucy, and Minseo. The group debuted on May 13, 2020. Originally a six-member group, Songyee left in August 2020 for personal reasons.


The Art Workers' Coalition (AWC) was an open coalition of artists, filmmakers, writers, critics, and museum staff that formed in New York City in January 1969. Its principal aim was to pressure the city's museums – notably the Museum of Modern Art – into implementing economic and political reforms. These included a more open and less exclusive exhibition policy concerning the artists they exhibited and promoted: the absence of women artists and artists of color was a principal issue of contention, which led to the formation of Women Artists in Revolution (WAR) in 1969. The coalition successfully pressured the MoMA and other museums into implementing a free admission day that still exists in certain museums to this day. It also pressured and picketed museums into taking a moral stance on the Vietnam War which resulted in its famous My Lai poster And babies, one of the most important works of political art of the early 1970s. The poster was displayed during demonstrations in front of Pablo Picasso′s Guernica at the MoMA in 1970.
Pambal Arrondissement  is an arrondissement of the Tivaouane Department in the Thiès Region of Senegal. The seat lies at Pambal.
Major-General Joseph Ellison Portlock (30 September 1794 – 14 February 1864) was born at Gosport and was a British geologist and soldier, the only son of Nathaniel Portlock, and a captain in the Royal Navy.
Educated at Blundell's School and the Royal Military Academy, Portlock entered the Royal Engineers in 1813. In 1814, he took part in  frontier operations in Canada. In 1824, he was selected by Lieut-colonel (afterwards Major-General) T.F. Colby (1784–1852) to take part in Ordnance Survey of Ireland. He was engaged for several years in the trigonometrical branch and subsequently compiled information on the physical aspects, geology, and economic products of Ireland, including the Memoir for which he wrote substantial sections on productive economy.
In 1837, he formed at Belfast a geological and statistical office, a museum for geological and zoological specimens, and a laboratory for the examination of soils. The work was then carried on by Portlock as the geological branch of the Ordnance Survey, and the chief results were embodied in his Report on the Geology of the County of Londonderry and of parts of Tyrone and Fermanagh (1843), an elaborate and well-illustrated volume in which he was assisted by Thomas Oldham.
After serving in Corfu and at Portsmouth, he was, in 1849, appointed Commanding Royal Engineer at Cork, and from 1851 to 1856, he was Inspector of Studies at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. For a short time, commanding officer at Dover, when the Council of Military Education was formed in 1857, he was selected as a member.
During these years of active service, he contributed numerous geological papers to the scientific societies of Dublin and to the British Association. He published, in 1848, a treatise on geology in John Weale's Rudimentary Series (3rd. ed., 1853). He was president of the geological section of the British Association at Belfast (1852) and of the Geological Society of London (1856–1858). He wrote a Memoir of the late Major-General Colby, with a Sketch of the Origin and Progress of the Trigonometrical Survey (reprinted in 1869 from Papers on Subjects connected with the Royal Engineers, vols. iii-v.). He also contributed several articles on military subjects to the 8th edition of the Encyclopaedia. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1837. He died in Dublin on 14 February 1864.
He married twice: firstly Julia Browne at Kilmaine, Co Mayo, Ireland on 24 February 1831, and secondly to Fanny Turner at Cork, Ireland on 11 December 1849. Fanny was the 4th daughter of Major General Charles Turner, KH commander of the Cork District. There was no issue from either marriage.
The Karamea Bight is the name given to a large bay in the Tasman Sea formed by a curved stretch of the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It stretches for 100 kilometres north from Cape Foulwind to just north of the mouth of the Heaphy River.


Den højere Dannelsesanstalt for Damer (literary: 'Higher Educational Institute for Ladies'), from 1861 Femmerske Kursus til Uddannelse af Skolelærerinder (literary: 'Femmer's Educational Course for Women School Teacher's') and from 1885 Femmers Kvindeseminarium  (literary: 'Femmer's Women's Seminary '), was a teacher's training seminary for women in Copenhagen in Denmark, founded in 1846 and closed in 1937-1938. It was the first secondary educational institution for women in Denmark.
Okayama Orient Museum (岡山市立オリエント美術館, Okayama Shiritsu Oriento Bijutsukan) is a museum of Ancient Near Eastern, Roman provincial, Byzantine, Sassanian, and Islamic Art in  Kita-ku, Okayama, Okayama Prefecture, Japan. As of 2007 there were some 4,852 items, including a winged Assyrian relief from the palace of Ashurnasirpal II in Nimrud, Mesopotamia, acquired to mark the institution's 25th anniversary.

The museum was founded to house the collection of Shinjiro Yasuhiro, who acquired thousands of objects with the advice of academics from the University of Tokyo.
The museum building has two floors of exhibition galleries to showcase the collection. It was constructed in 1979 by the city of Okayama from a prize-winning design by Okada Architect & Associates.
Jorge Somlay (born 8 September 1946) is an Argentine rower. He competed in the men's coxed pair event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Leptarctia is a monotypic tiger moth genus in the family Erebidae described by Stretch in 1872. Its only species, Leptarctia californiae, was described by Francis Walker in 1855. It is found in western North America, from New Mexico and Colorado to California and north to British Columbia. The habitat consists of open forests, meadows and clearings in the mountains.
The length of the forewings is 12–17 mm.


Psen monticola is a species of aphid wasp in the family Psenidae. It is found in North America.
Anurag Sharma (born 6 February 1978) is an Indian television actor, originally from Prayagraj (Allahabad) who has acted mainly in Balaji Telefilms, known for having played Satish Deshpande in Zee TV's Pavitra Rishta and Param Khurana in Star Plus's Yeh Hai Mohabbatein. He appeared in Tere Liye as Sushant and Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka as Rajan Gandhi. He appeared in episodes of Adaalat, Hum Ne Li Hai... Shapath and Yeh Hai Aashiqui. He is married with Nandini Gupta in 2020.
He also played the role of Maharana Pratap in Jodha Akbar and Elder Vanraj (King of Gujrat) in Dharti Ka Veer Yodha Prithviraj Chauhan.
The 1989–90 East Tennessee State Buccaneers basketball team represented East Tennessee State University during the 1989-90 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was led by head coach Les Robinson. The Bucs finished the season 27–7 and 12–2 in Southern Conference play to finish in first place after the regular season. They won the Southern Conference tournament championship in Asheville to receive the automatic berth to the NCAA tournament as the No. 13 seed in the Southeast region. They lost to No. 4 seed, and eventual Final Four participant, Georgia Tech, 99–83 in the first round.
Loudspeaker is the sixth studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman, released in 2006 in Japan, and 2007 in United States. It entered the Japanese national chart at #33. This marks the first Top 40 chart position for any of his solo albums.
The album features guest performances of Steve Vai, Kirito, John Petrucci, Jens Johansson, Mick Karn, Masaki, Ryuichi Nishida, and Billy Sheehan.


Question and Answer is an album by guitarist Pat Metheny with acoustic bassist Dave Holland and drummer Roy Haynes.
Metheny won the 1991 Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition  for "Change of Heart"
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Charbatia is a school run by Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan and located in Charbatia Air Base, Cuttack, Odisha. It provides education to the children of both Central Government employees and civilians, from nearby areas. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education and the medium of instruction is English and Hindi. It is a very auspicious place to study because it provides good study 
The school offers classes from grades I to XII (primary to senior secondary). The school is divided into Primary Classes (Class I to V) and Secondary Classes (sub-divided into Junior Group – Class VI to VIII and Senior Group – Class IX to XII). The Senior Secondary section offers Science and Arts (Humanities) streams. The school conducts co-curricular activities by grouping students into four school houses: Shivaji, Tagore, Ashok and Raman.
The Ctenostomatida are an order of bryozoans in the class Gymnolaemata. The great majority of ctenostome species are marine, although Paludicella inhabits freshwater. They are distinguished from their close relatives, the cheilostomes, by their lack of a calcified exoskeleton. Instead, the exoskeleton is chitinous, gelatinous, or composed only of a soft membrane, and always lacks an operculum. Colonies of ctenostomes are often composed of elongated, branch-like stolons, although more compact forms also exist.
Daniel Peter Roche ( ROHSH; born 14 October 1999) is an English actor, he is best known for playing Ben Brockman in the BBC One sitcom Outnumbered.
St. Paul African Methodist Episcopal Church is a 19th-century African American church located at 703 Merchant Street in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. The church was organized in 1864, relocated to its current location in 1874, and substantially renovated in 1894. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 2012.


A funding opportunity announcement (FOA) is a notice in Grants.gov of a U.S. federal grant funding opportunity. 
Funding opportunity announcements can be found at Grants.gov/FIND and this website lets organizations apply for grants for over 1,000 grant programs from 26 federal agencies.
Each FOA includes instructions – a Grant Application Guide, and forms – a Grant Application Package.
Joseph Kabila Kabange ( kab-EE-lə, French: [ʒozɛf kabila]; born 4 June 1971) is a Congolese politician who served as President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo between January 2001 and January 2019. He took office ten days after the assassination of his father, President Laurent-Désiré Kabila in the context of the Second Congo War. He was allowed to remain in power after the 2003 Pretoria Accord ended the war as the president of the country's new transitional government. He was elected as president in 2006 and re-elected in 2011 for a second term. Since stepping down after the 2018 election, Kabila, as a former president, serves as a senator for life.
Kabila's term was due to expire on 20 December 2016, according to the terms of the constitution adopted in 2006. Officials suggested that elections would be held in November 2016, but on 29 September 2016, the nation's electoral authority announced that the election would not be held until early 2018. Talk focused on the need for a census before holding elections. In August 2018, Kabila announced that he would step down and not seek reelection in the December 2018 general election. He was succeeded by Félix Tshisekedi in the country's first peaceful transition of power since independence. Independent observers felt Tshisikedi had lost heavily to another candidate, Martin Fayulu, and that Kabila had fixed the official result for the candidate most likely to be most helpful to him in the latter's post-presidency period. While in power, Joseph Kabila faced continuous wars in eastern Congo and internal rebel forces supported by the neighboring governments of Rwanda and Uganda. 
In 2021, it was reported that Kabila embezzled over $138 million during his presidency.


The 1952–53 season was Fussball Club Basel 1893's 59th season in their existence. It was their seventh consecutive season in the top flight of Swiss football after their promotion from the Nationalliga B the season 1945–46. They played their home games in the Landhof, in the Wettstein Quarter in Kleinbasel. Jules Düblin was the club's chairman for the seventh successive season.
Stephen Phillips was an English priest in the second half of the 17th century. 
Philips  was  educated at Brasenose College, Oxford. He held livings at Hannington, Farthingstone and Wappenham. He was archdeacon of Shropshire from 1669 until his death on 24 August 1684. He was also vicar of Bampton and a canon of Hereford Cathedral.
Shlomo Weber (born 2 September 1949) is an economics professor and president, New Economic School in Moscow, Russia; Academic Director of the Center for Study of Diversity and Social Interactions at NES; Robert H. and Nancy Dedman Trustee Professor of Economics Department of Economics, Southern Methodist University.
His main research interests are diversity, game theory and political economy, though also public economics and economy of the former USSR, of Eastern Europe and Central Asia have been noted.
The Central Library is the headquarters for the Milwaukee Public Library System as well as for the Milwaukee County Federated Library System.  Designated a Milwaukee Landmark in 1969, the building remains one of Milwaukee's most monumental public structures.
Today, the Central Library occupies almost the entire building with 3 exceptions: the headquarters for the Milwaukee County Federated Library System; the Wisconsin Talking Book and Braille Library; and Audio & Braille Literacy Enhancement.


CIFN-FM was a radio station which broadcast a First Nations community radio programming on the frequency of 106.5 FM/MHz in Island Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Owned by Island Lake First Nations Radio Inc., the station received CRTC approval on January 10, 2011. Its licence was renewed in 2017 but only on condition of presenting several years of annual returns and implementing Alert Ready, and the station was thereafter deleted from databases.
On July 28, 2023, the CRTC renewed the broadcasting licences for the radio programming undertakings and their transmitters set out in Appendix 1 to this decision from 1 September 2024 to 31 August 2026. CIFN-FM Island Lake was included in the renewals.
The Corn Exchange is a heritage-listed former market building located at 173–185 Sussex Street, in the Sydney central business district, in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by George McRae and built from 1887. It formerly housed PACT Youth Theatre. It was incorporated into the Nikko Hotel (now Hyatt Regency) development in the 1980s, but has been commercial office space since the 1990s. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 28 June 2002.
The Scottish variable rate (SVR) was a mechanism which would have enabled the Scottish Government to vary (down or up) the basic rate of UK income tax by up to 3p in the pound. The power was never used (and indeed was allowed to lapse by the Scottish Government in 2007) and was succeeded by the legislative framework for Scottish public finance in the Scotland Act 2012, which gives the Scottish Parliament the power to set a Scottish rate of income tax.
When legislating for the Scottish Parliament, a number of matters were reserved by the UK Parliament at Westminster. One such reserved matter was taxation; however, this had been a key point in Scottish negotiations relating to parliamentary control. As a means of compromise, Westminster afforded the Scottish Parliament the ability to vary income tax, which was subsequently given the consent of the Scottish electorate in the second question of the 1997 devolution referendum.
Therefore, the Scotland Act 1998 granted the Scottish Parliament the power to vary income tax by ±3p in every pound. This power was often referred to as the tartan tax, a phrase first used by Conservative financier and politician Michael Forsyth as a way of attacking the power, using the idea of 'tartan' to get across the idea that it would be an extra tax on Scots alone.
The 1987 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 4 October 1987. It was the 66th running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
The winner was Trempolino, a three-year-old colt trained in France by André Fabre. The winning jockey was Pat Eddery.
The winning time of 2m 26.3s set a new record for the race. The previous record of 2m 27.7s was achieved by Dancing Brave in 1986.
Mark William Bolland (born 10 April 1966) is a British public relations executive. Bolland worked for the Advertising Standards Authority and the Press Complaints Commission before serving as Deputy Private Secretary to Charles, Prince of Wales, from 1997 to 2002. During his time with Charles, Bolland was credited with rehabilitating the prince's public image and enhancing the public image of the relationship between Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles, who would become the prince's second wife. After leaving the Prince, Bolland established a public relations and communications firm, Mark Bolland & Associates, and has held several roles in the charitable and third sector.


Çaraq (also, Çarah and Karakh) is a village and municipality in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 219.  The municipality consists of the villages of Çarah, Kyünçal, Təkyə, Hacıisgəndərli, Güləh, and Uqah.
Senator Kopp may refer to:

Mike Kopp (born 1969), Colorado State Senate
Quentin L. Kopp (born 1928), California State Senate
Van der Burg is a Dutch toponymic surname meaning "from the fortress / stronghold". Variations are Van de Burg, Van den Burg,  Van den Burgh and Van der Burgh. Anglicized versions of these names show a variety of agglutinations and capitalizations. Notable people with the surname include:

Van der Burg / Vanderburg
Adriaan van der Burg (1693–1733), Dutch painter
Agnes Vanderburg (1901–1989), Native American (Salish) translator and writer
Ben van der Burg (born 1968), Dutch speed skater
Brigitte van der Burg (born 1961), Dutch politician
Dave van der Burg (born 1993), Dutch off-road bicycle racer
Dirk van der Burg (1721–1773), Dutch landscape painter and watercolorist
George VanderBurg (born 1957), Canadian politician
Helen Vanderburg (born 1959), Canadian synchronized swimmer
Johan van der Burg (died 1640), Dutch Governor of Formosa
Joost van der Burg (born 1993), Dutch track cyclist
Willem H. Vanderburg (born 1944), Dutch-born Canadian technologist and writer
Van Deburg
William L. Van Deburg (born 1948), American professor of Afro-American Studies
Van den Burg / Vandenburg
Hans Vandenburg (born 1946), Dutch pop musician
Herman Vandenburg Ames (1865–1935), American legal historian and documentary preservationist
Ieke van den Burg (1952–2014), Dutch politician
Malcolm VandenBurg (born c.1950), English physician
Van den Burgh / Vandenburgh
G. van den Burgh (fl. 1938), Netherlands Indies footballer
Jane Vandenburgh (born 1948), American writer
John Van Denburgh (1872–1924), American herpetologist
Shelli VanDenburgh (born 1969), American politician
Van der Burgh / Vanderburgh
Cameron van der Burgh (born 1988), South African swimmer
Charles E. Vanderburgh (1829–1898), American jurist
Federal Vanderburgh (1788–1868), American physician and homeopath
Hendrick van der Burgh (1627–aft.1664), Dutch genre painter
Henry Vanderburgh (1760–1812), Indiana Territory judge, namesake of Vanderburgh County, Indiana
Pieter Daniel van der Burgh (1805–1879), Dutch landscape painter
Stephen Vanderburgh Harkness (1818–1868), American businessman
Lapo da Castiglionchio the Younger (1406 – October 1438) was a Renaissance humanist and translator from Greek into Latin. A grandson of Lapo da Castiglionchio the Elder, he was probably born in Florence. He was a pupil of Francesco Filelfo at the University of Bologna in 1428. He wrote a scurrilous deadpan satiric dialogue on the papal curia, De curiae commodis (1438), "On the benefits of the Curia". There also survives a collection of his letters.
Works he translated include:

the biographies of Solon, Themistocles, Pericles, Fabius Maximus, Publicola, Theseus, Romulus, Aratus and Artaxerxes I from Plutarch's Parallel Lives
Several of Lucian's works: De fletu, De somnio, De sacrificiis, De tyranno, Calumnia, De longaevis, Patriae laudatio and Demonactis vita
Isocrates: Nicocles, Ad Nicoclem and Oratio ad Daemonicum
Josephus, Jewish Wars
Theophrastus, Liber de impressionibus
Demosthenes, Oratio funebris
Xenophon, Praefectus equitum
De Benneville "Bert" Bell (February 25, 1895 – October 11, 1959) was an American professional football executive and coach. He was the fifth chief executive and second commissioner of the National Football League (NFL) from 1946 until his death in 1959. As commissioner, he introduced competitive parity into the NFL to improve the league's commercial viability and promote its popularity.
Whereas Bell had become the chief executive in a sport that was largely seen as second-rate and heading a league still plagued by franchise instability, by his death the NFL was a financially sound sports enterprise and seriously challenging Major League Baseball for preeminence among sports attractions in the United States. Bell was posthumously inducted into the charter class of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Bell played football at the University of Pennsylvania, where as quarterback, he led his team to an appearance in the 1917 Rose Bowl. After being drafted into the US Army during World War I, he returned to complete his collegiate career at Penn and went on to become an assistant football coach with the Quakers in the 1920s. During the Great Depression, he was an assistant coach for the Temple Owls and a co-founder and co-owner of the Philadelphia Eagles.
With the Eagles, Bell led the way in cooperating with the other NFL owners to establish the NFL draft in order to afford the weakest teams the first opportunity to sign the best available players. He subsequently became sole proprietor of the Eagles, but the franchise suffered financially. Eventually, he sold the team and bought a share in the Pittsburgh Steelers. During World War II, Bell argued against the league suspending operations until the war's conclusion.
After the war, he was elected NFL commissioner and sold his ownership in the Steelers. As commissioner, he implemented a proactive anti-gambling policy, negotiated a merger with the All-America Football Conference (AAFC), and unilaterally crafted the entire league schedule with an emphasis on enhancing the dramatic effect of late-season matches. During the Golden Age of Television, he tailored the game's rules to strengthen its appeal to mass media and enforced a policy of blacking out local broadcasts of home contests to safeguard ticket receipts. Amid criticism from franchise owners and under pressure from Congress, he unilaterally recognized the NFLPA and facilitated in the development of the first pension plan for the players. He survived to oversee the "Greatest Game Ever Played" and to envision what the league would become in the future.
As commissioner, Bell oversaw the integration of the NFL. Although Fritz Pollard was the first African American to play in the NFL, appearing with three teams from 1922 to 1926, a “gentleman’s agreement” among the owners kept the sport segregated for another 20 years. In 1946, four black players began playing in the NFL.
Pen-y-fai is a village in the county borough of Bridgend, Wales within the Bridgend electoral ward area and the community of Newcastle Higher. The ward population taken at the 2011 census was 2,447.
William Montgomery Churchwell (February 20, 1826 – August 18, 1862) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives. He also served as Confederate States Army officer during the American Civil War.
Kuwano Station (桑野駅, Kuwano-eki) is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M15".
Drew Gress (born November 20, 1959) is an American jazz double-bassist and composer born in Trenton, New Jersey and raised in the Philadelphia area.
Giuseppe Fioravanzo (14 August 1891 – 18 March 1975) was an Italian admiral. He was considered one of the main "intellectuals" of the Regia Marina; together with admirals Bernotti and Di Giamberardino he was one of the main authors of the development of Italian naval doctrine between the two World Wars. After serving with distinction in the Italo-Turkish War and the First World War, from the 1920s he started his activity as a naval theorist and writer besides continuing his military career. During the Second World War, having been promoted to Divisional Admiral, he held important commitments, both operational and related to General Staff. After the war he directed the Historical Office of the Italian Navy for many years.
The Stufetta del cardinal Bibbiena ("Small Heated Room of Cardinal Bibbiena") is a small room on the third floor of the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican which is decorated with a cycle of erotic frescoes painted in 1516 by Raphael (or by artists in his circle to his designs). The frescos depict mythological scenes from Ovid and Maurus Servius Honoratus in an antique style echoing Ancient Roman interior décor of the Domus Aurea which had also inspired the decoration of the Raphael Rooms and the Vatican loggias.  
The room is approximately 2.5 m (8.2 ft) square with a cross vault, with a door in the east wall opposite a window in the west well and niches to either side. The vault and the lunette at the top of each wall are decorated with grotesques, above two main panels on each wall. The eight panels show mythological scenes, including the birth of Erichonius, the birth of Venus, Venus and Cupid with dolphins, Venus wounded by Cupid, and Pan and Syrinx, with further decorative panels below.
The room was commissioned by Cardinal Bibbiena (1470–1520) for his apartments, beside the Loggetta del cardinal Bibbiena, and originally served as a washing room for Bibbiena. The Italian stufetta can be translated literally as "small stove" and denoted a warm room; that is a washing room. Cardinal Bibbiena was the private secretary to Pope Leo X.
The artist Vincenzo Camuccini converted the room into a chapel in the 18th century by adding wooden panelling and a canvas vault, but these additions were removed later.
The following buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Lee County Multiple Property Submission (or MPS).
Sweden selected its entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 by holding an extending national selection, namely Melodifestivalen 2008. A record of 3,489 entries were submitted to the broadcaster SVT, and 28 were chosen to compete. They were completed with 4 wildcards in the end of December. Melodifestivalen was also this year held on Saturdays, starting with the first of the four heats on 9 February and ending with a final on 15 March. It was the last of the year's national selections, as the official ESC draw was held on 17 March. Four songs progressed from each heat, two to the final and two to the second chance round, where the songs were competing in a knock-out round to gain the last two places in the final.
The final was won by Charlotte Perrelli with the song "Hero", which was written and composed by Fredrik Kempe and Bobby Ljunggren. Sanna Nielsen, who was the favourite of televoters, came second, as she did not receive enough points from the 11 juries.
Charlotte Perrelli competed in the second semi-final on 22 May. She did not finish among the ten best in the televoting, but thanks to the new rule that the last finalist will be chosen by the back-up juries, she took the final ticket at the expense of Macedonia. The placement in the televoting was 12th, 7 points after Macedonia and 2 points after Bulgaria. She was drawn into the 15th spot in the final. Although being one of the heavy favorites before the final, Sweden did not finish higher than 18th, receiving only 47 points.
Fuscopannaria albomaculata is a species of squamulose (scaley), corticolous (bark-dwelling) lichen in the family Pannariaceae. Found in China, it was formally described as a new species in 2004 by Norwegian lichenologist Per Magnus Jørgensen. The type specimen was collected from Hailuogou Glacier Forest Park (Luding County, Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan) at an elevation between 2,940 and 3,130 m (9,650 and 10,270 ft). The lichen grows on deciduous trees, especially birch and willow, in mountainous forests near glaciers, at elevations between 3,000 and 4,000 m (9,800 and 13,100 ft). It is distinguished from other members of genus Fuscopannaria by the white spots on its thallus.
Walter Shirley Shirley (1851 – 1 May 1888)  was an English barrister and law writer and a Liberal politician.
Shirley was born Walter Shirley Smith at Doncaster, the son of William Edwood Smith twice Lord Mayor of Doncaster and Town Clerk, and his wife Jane Winteringham Shirley daughter of John Shirley attorney of Attercliffe . The family adopted the name Shirley on 23 November 1863. His grandfather was Joseph Smith (1792–1841) Alderman and Burgess of Doncaster and his great grandfather William Smith of Rotherham (1767–1829)  . His uncle, Arthur Joseph Smith(1825–1891)
was three times Lord Mayor of Doncaster. He was educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford.  He was called to the bar at Inner Temple and went on the North Eastern circuit. He wrote several papers on legal matters.
At the 1885 general election Shirley was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Doncaster. He was an advanced Liberal. He resigned the seat in February 1888 but died in May that year at the age of 36.
In the 1886–87 football season, he became the first president of Doncaster Rovers football club.
Bannertail: The Story of Gray Squirrel (シートン動物記 りすのバナー, Shīton Dōbutsuki Risu no Banā) is a Japanese anime series made by Nippon Animation in 1979. It is based on the 1922 children's book Bannertail by Ernest Thompson Seton. It ran for a total of 26 episodes and told the story of Banner, a young orphaned squirrel raised by a kindly mother cat, and his adventures in the forest. It is also known by its German version, entitled Puschel, das Eichhorn. In the Arab and Persian worlds, where the anime succeeded in attracting young viewers and gained much popularity, it is known as Sanjob (سنجوب) or Sanajeb-el Gaaba (سناجب الغابة). It was also popular in Spain and Latin America under the name Banner & Flappy, it was also popular in Portugal, under the name Bana & Flapi.


In physics, especially in multilinear algebra and tensor analysis, covariance and contravariance describe how the quantitative description of certain geometric or physical entities changes with a change of basis.   Briefly, a contravariant vector is a list of numbers that transforms oppositely to a change of basis, and a covariant vector is a list of numbers that transforms in the same way.  Contravariant vectors are often just called vectors and covariant vectors are called covectors or dual vectors.  The terms covariant and contravariant were introduced by James Joseph Sylvester in 1851.  
Curvilinear coordinate systems, such as cylindrical or spherical coordinates, are often used in physical and geometric problems.  Associated with any coordinate system is a natural choice of coordinate basis for vectors based at each point of the space, and covariance and contravariance are particularly important for understanding how the coordinate description of a vector changes by passing from one coordinate system to another. Tensors are objects in multilinear algebra that can have aspects of both covariance and contravariance.
Bailleau-le-Pin (French pronunciation: [bajo lə pɛ̃]) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
The display aspect ratio (DAR) is the aspect ratio of a display device and so the proportional relationship between the physical width and the height of the display. It is expressed as two numbers separated by a colon (x:y), where x corresponds to the width and y to the height. Common aspect ratios for displays, past and present, include 5:4, 4:3, 16:10, and 16:9.
To distinguish:

The display aspect ratio (DAR) is calculated from the physical width and height of a display, measured each in inch or cm (Display size).
The pixel aspect ratio (PAR) is calculated from the width and height of one pixel.
The storage aspect ratio (SAR) is calculated from the numbers of pixels in width and height stated in the display resolution.
Because the units cancel out, all aspect ratios are unitless.
Anthony Maurice Herbert Simpson (28 October 1935 – 14 August 2022) was a British politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP). He sat as Conservative for the constituency of Northamptonshire from 1979 until 1994.
Simpson died on 14 August 2022, at the  age of 86.
Dale E. Morey (December 1, 1918 – May 14, 2002) was an American amateur golfer and professional basketball player. In basketball, he played in the National Basketball League for the Anderson Duffey Packers during the 1946–47 season. In golf, he won 261 tournaments and made nine holes-in-one in his career.
Trygve Mikkjel Heyerdahl Reenskaug (21 June 1930 – 14 June 2024) was a Norwegian computer scientist and professor emeritus of the University of Oslo. He formulated the model–view–controller (MVC) pattern for graphical user interface (GUI) software design in 1979 while visiting the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center (PARC). His first major software project, "Autokon," produced a successful computer-aided design – computer-aided manufacturing (CAD/CAM) program which was first used in 1963, and continued in use by shipyards worldwide for more than 30 years.
Reenskaug described his early Smalltalk and object-oriented programming conceptual efforts as follows:

MVC was conceived as a general solution to the problem of users controlling a large and complex data set. The hardest part was to hit upon good names for the different architectural components. Model-View-Editor was the first set. After long discussions, particularly with Adele Goldberg, we ended with the terms Model-View-Controller.
Reenskaug was extensively involved in research into object-oriented methods and developed the Object Oriented Role Analysis and Modeling (OOram) and the OOram tool in 1983. He founded the information technology company Taskon in 1986, which developed tools based on OOram. The OOram ideas matured and evolved substantially into the BabyUML project, which culminated in creating the data, context and interaction (DCI) paradigm.
Reenskaug wrote the book Working With Objects: The OOram Software Engineering Method with co-authors Per Wold and Odd Arild Lehne.
Later he wrote a virtual machine for Unified Modeling Language (UML). As of 2005, he was professor emeritus of informatics at the University of Oslo.
Reenskaug died on 14 June 2024, at the age of 93.
Pollenia bicolor is a species of cluster fly in the family Polleniidae.
John C. Thomas is an American screenwriter based in California. With his brother Jim Thomas, he wrote and/or was substantially involved with the screenplays of numerous films - including Predator (1987),  Predator 2 (1990),  Executive Decision (1996), Wild Wild West (1999), and Behind Enemy Lines (2001), which spawned a franchise.
The 1926 KBUs Pokalturnering (Unofficial English translation: 1926 KBU Cup, 1926 Copenhagen Cup) was the 17th edition of the regional tournament, KBUs Pokalturnering, the highest senior cup competition organised by the Copenhagen FA (KBU). The tournament was held in the fall of 1926 with BK Frem, then based on Enghavevej, as the defending cup champions. The season was launched with one match on 22 August 1926 between the last season's runners-up in Copenhagen Football League B.93 and the newly promoted league club BK Fremad Amager. This season's installment was won by B.93 after defeating Kjøbenhavns BK 5–1 in the final played at Københavns Idrætspark on 7 November 1926, which was the club's fifth cup title after having contested in eight finals of the tournament. The 8 participants in the tournament included the six members of the 1925–26 KBUs Mesterskabsrække and the two highest placed teams from the 1925–26 KBUs A-række.
The runners-up of the 1925–26 KBUs A-række, the second-tier league under the Kjøbenhavns Boldspil-Union, managed to reach the second round by defeating Akademisk BK from the regional top-tier Copenhagen Football League, before eventually being eliminated by Østerbro-based B.93. In the very first round, the two KBUs Mesterskabsrække clubs of B 1903 and BK Frem had to play two additional matches over the course of 5 weeks time before a winner could be found, that would go through to the semi-finals. KFUMs BK and Kjøbenhavns BK played one extra quarterfinal game to determine which club would participate in the semi-finals. The extra matches would generate an additional income of DKK 5–6,000 to both clubs. Forward Poul "Tist" Nielsen of Kjøbenhavns BK became the tournament's top goal scorer with 8 goals, which he scored during the course of the club's four cup matches.
Hesar Dar (Persian: حصاردار, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Dār and Hassārdār) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 9 families.
Sapp is a surname with multiple possible origins.
Joseph Bertram Worrall (born 21 October 1945) is an English former football referee, who operated in the Football League and for FIFA. He comes from Warrington in Lancashire, and has the distinction of having refereed both of the major club competition Finals in England.
Auglandslia is a neighbourhood in the city of Kristiansand in Agder county, Norway.  The neighborhood is located in the borough of Vågsbygd and in the district of Vågsbygd.  It is located north of Augland, west of Skyllingsheia, and south of Granlia and Fiskåtangen.


Linn County Courthouse may refer to:

Linn County Courthouse (Iowa), Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Linn County Courthouse (Kansas), Mound City, Kansas
Linn County Courthouse (Missouri), Linneus, Missouri
Linn County Courthouse (Oregon), Albany, Oregon
A line is a concept in Western comic books which denotes a specific group of publications by a publisher. Sometimes taking place in a separate continuity or more loose continuity (such as Vertigo by DC Comics) or exploring a kind of subject matter and or genre which the publisher does not want to involve in their main franchise or so called "universe".
Often lines which explore more "realistic" or "dark" subject matters are published under a companies sub imprints (such as Ultimate Marvel or MAX by Marvel Comics) to distinguish it from their main superhero lines. Sometimes a line can be published under an imprint but not always be part of a larger continuity within their imprint (such as The Punisher MAX line which is not in continuity with most other Marvel Max titles). A line can consist of several different titles, ongoing series, limited series, one-shots, annuals, specials or trades and be by many different artists but are advertised and marketed as part of the line. So called crossover events are often followed by a line of tie-in comics to the event miniseries from other unrelated titles to connect them. 
Dark Horse Comics has several lines which focuses on their licensed film properties such as Alien, Predator and Star Wars. The Aliens line consists only of limited series, one-shots and graphic novels due to the publisher's wish to allow artistic freedom. Dark Horse's Star Wars line was ended in 2014 due to Disney moving their Star Wars comics to Marvel. Dark Horse also publishes a line of comics which are creator owned but are connected through common oversight by editor Karen Berger. Most companies have several simultaneously running lines.


Sapporo City Transportation Bureau (札幌市交通局, Sapporo-shi Kōtsū-kyoku) is a public organization of transportation in Sapporo, Japan. The organization operates subways and a tram. It was founded in 1927, when the city took private tram lines. The bureau also started to operate bus lines from 1930, subways from 1971. However, from 1990s, the bureau has been suffering from huge deficits. It handed over its bus lines to a private operator in 2004. The bureau introduced a smart card called SAPICA on January 30, 2009.
Wayne Morgan (born October 7, 1950) was the Iowa State University men's basketball coach from 2003 to 2006. He was Iowa State University's first African-American head basketball coach.
This is a list of singles that have peaked in the top 10 of the French Singles Chart in 2018. 110 singles reached the top ten this year with 17 peaking at number one.
The Kreisau Circle (German: Kreisauer Kreis, pronounced [ˈkʁaɪ̯.zaʊ̯.ɐ kʁaɪ̯s] ) (1940–1944) was a group of about twenty-five German dissidents in Nazi Germany led by Helmuth James von Moltke, who met at his estate in the rural town of Kreisau, Silesia. The circle was composed of men and a few women from a variety of backgrounds, including those of noble descent, devout Protestants and Catholics, intellectuals, military personnel, socialists and conservatives. Despite their differences, the members of the Kreisau Circle found common interest in their opposition to Hitler's regime on moral and religious grounds. At their meetings, the circle discussed how they would reorganize the German government after the end of the Third Reich.
Although the circle did not promote violent overthrow of the regime, their planning was considered by the Nazis to be treasonous as it rested on the assumption that Germany would lose the war. The group began to falter after Helmuth von Moltke was arrested by the Gestapo in January 1944 and eventually came to an end when most of its members were arrested following Claus von Stauffenberg's attempt on Hitler's life on 20 July 1944.
Mad Dogs is a British television serial, written by Cris Cole. The series premiered in the United Kingdom on 10 February 2011 on Sky1 with a four-part first series. Series two and three also contained four parts each, broadcasting in early 2012 and June 2013 respectively. It concluded with a two-part fourth and final series on 28 and 29 December 2013. Mad Dogs follows four lifelong friends, Baxter (John Simm), Quinn (Philip Glenister), Rick (Marc Warren) and Woody (Max Beesley), who spend a week in Majorca to celebrate the early retirement of Alvo (Ben Chaplin), another friend. However, as time goes by the friends become embroiled in the world of crime and police corruption after Alvo is murdered.
Susi Graf is an Austrian-American filmmaker, currently living in New York. Attended New York University, Tisch School of the Arts and studied Theater and Journalism at the University of Vienna, Austria. Received two Fulbright Scholarships and numerous grants for her artistic projects and her academic work.
She worked as a television producer interviewing numerous film directors such as Quentin Tarantino, John Waters, Terry Gilliam and many more as well as actors like Demi Moore, Michael Douglas, Bruce Willis, and Mel Gibson.
From 2003 to 2009 she directed and produced the documentary Lost in the Crowd.
The 2008 Mayo by-election was held for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Mayo, located in Adelaide, South Australia, on 6 September 2008, following the retirement of Liberal Party MP and former Liberal leader Alexander Downer. The by-election was held on the same day as the Lyne by-election, and the Western Australian state election.
The writ for the by-election was issued 4 August, with the rolls closing on 8 August. Candidate nominations closed on 14 August. The by-election was contested on the same boundaries drawn for Mayo at the 2007 federal election. The seat was won by Jamie Briggs of the Liberal Party on a two-candidate preferred vote of 53 per cent against the Greens.
This is a list of players who played at least one game for the Quebec Nordiques of the National Hockey League (1979–80 to 1994–95). For a list of players who played for the Nordiques in the World Hockey Association, see List of Quebec Nordiques (WHA) players.
Mr. Driller Online is a downloadable puzzle video game created by Namco Bandai and released in 2008 for the Xbox 360. It is the fourth game in the Mr. Driller series of puzzle games and re-uses many assets from Mr. Driller Drill Land.
Designated Rivals is a remix album by Tinfed, released on Attinuator Records.
Zittau is an unincorporated community located in the town of Wolf River, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.
Tsehay Bank is an Ethiopian commercial bank launched in July 2022, operating in Ethiopia. The bank started with 30 branches in Addis Ababa, and as of 2023, the number of branches has increased to over 80 service centers throughout Ethiopia. The bank is known for its "Bank for All" motto. It is one of the privately owned banks licensed by the National Bank of Ethiopia (NBE) to operate in Ethiopia.
The White Renegade (Spanish: El renegado blanco) is a 1960 Mexican adventure film directed by Fernando Méndez and starring Mauricio Garcés, Abel Salazar and Rafael Baledón.
Bob Cavallo is an American entertainment manager, producer, and business owner. Cavallo worked for Walt Disney Studios from 1998 through 2011, during which time he reorganized the company's recorded music, music publishing and concert operations into one centralized business entity named the Disney Music Group. Cavallo was chairman of the Disney Music Group, which distributes Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records labels and manages artists Jonas Brothers, Selena Gomez, Grace Potter, Breaking Benjamin, Miley Cyrus and Plain White T's.
That Summer of White Roses (Croatian: Đavolji raj — ono ljeto bijelih ruža) is a 1989 Yugoslav-British film directed by Rajko Grlić. This was the last film to include an appearance by American actress Shania Berryman.
A nanogel is a polymer-based, crosslinked hydrogel particle on the sub-micron scale. These complex networks of polymers present a unique opportunity in the field of drug delivery at the intersection of nanoparticles and hydrogel synthesis. Nanogels can be natural, synthetic, or a combination of the two and have a high degree of tunability in terms of their size, shape, surface functionalization, and degradation mechanisms. Given these inherent characteristics in addition to their biocompatibility and capacity to encapsulate small drugs and molecules, nanogels are a promising strategy to treat disease and dysfunction by serving as delivery vehicles capable of navigating across challenging physiological barriers within the body. 
Nanogels are not to be confused with Nanogel aerogel, a lightweight thermal insulator, or with nanocomposite hydrogels (NC gels), which are nanomaterial-filled, hydrated, polymeric networks that exhibit higher elasticity and strength relative to traditionally made hydrogels.
Esashi is the name of two towns in Hokkaidō.

Esashi, Hokkaidō (Sōya) (枝幸町) in Sōya Subprefecture
Esashi, Hokkaidō (Hiyama) (江差町) in Hiyama Subprefecture
Myrmecia borealis is an Australian ant which belongs to the genus Myrmecia. This species is endemic to Australia. Their distribution has only been recorded very few times in Queensland and New South Wales.
The head and thorax of the Myrmecia borealis is black. The top of the legs are black as well, but the bottom areas are yellowish brown. Mandibles are yellow and the middle part of the body is a reddish-brown colour.
Ruskin Park is a park in the London Borough of Lambeth, London, England, close to Camberwell, Loughborough Junction and Herne Hill.


Professor Xing Ruan 阮昕 is a Chinese-Australian academic, architect and author. He is currently Dean and Guangqi Chair Professor of Architecture at School of Design, Shanghai Jiao Tong University. His work focuses on Asia's architecture and urbanization against the background of Western discourse, and on architecture as a representation of humanity.
Francis J. "Peg" MacNeill (October 15, 1912 – July 12, 2000) was an educator and political figure on Prince Edward Island. He represented 5th Prince in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1946 to 1947 as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Summerside, Prince Edward Island, the son of Daniel F. MacNeill and Pearl Tamlyn, and was educated at Prince of Wales College, Saint Dunstan's College, Saint Francis Xavier University and the University of New Brunswick. He taught school, later becoming a school principal and then superintendent of schools for Summerside. MacNeill served overseas during World War II. He married Anne Marie de la Garde in 1940.
MacNeill was elected to the provincial assembly in a 1946 by-election held following the death of his father. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1947. He died at the Prince County Hospital in Summerside at the age of 87.
His brother Hubert and his uncle Leonard M. MacNeill also served in the provincial assembly.
Aliyarbek Tokobekovich Abjaliyev (born 5 November 1967) is a Kyrgyz politician, and current member of the Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan.
Pirlar-e Sofla (Persian: پيرلرسفلي, also Romanized as Pīrlar-e Soflá; also known as Pīrlar-e Pā'īn) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 255, in 50 families.
Kalathimadam is a village near Alangulam in Tenkasi district of Tamil Nadu, India.The Village derives its name from the Kalathivinayagar Temple which is located in the Village.The Village is located at a distance of about 1.7 km from the Alangulam. The village is well connected to alangulam through Mini bus service.
Sivaki (Russian: Сиваки) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Magdagachinsky District of Amur Oblast, Russia. Population:  2,056 (2010 Census); 2,578 (2002 Census); 3,721 (1989 Soviet census).


IX Army Corps (IX. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II. It was formed on 1 October 1934 under the command of General Friedrich Dollman in Kassel with the camouflage name of Kassel and redesignated IX Corps after the creation of the Wehrkreis IX recruitment and training area.
After the general mobilisation in August 1939 IX Corps were stationed near Worms as 1st Army reserves. In May 1940 they took part in Fall Gelb, the Manstein plan to invade the Low Countries and France via the Ardennes, pushing on to Dunkirk.
Transferred to the Eastern Front in 1941 to take part in Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union, the corps, at that time consisting of 137th, 263rd and the 292nd Infantry Division, were transferred to the 4th Army under the overall command of Field Marshal Günther von Kluge. They reached the Dnieper river where they encountered strong Soviet resistance and by the end of 1942 had to fall back. In the spring of 1943 further retreat was necessary.
On 22 June 1944, during Operation Bagration, the left corps section in the Sirotino area was attacked by seven Soviet divisions of the Soviet 4th Infantry under General Malychev. Further retreats followed up to the end of the year.
By 1945 the corps had fallen back to the Deyma River near Kaliningrad, where they established a defensive position. The German Army surrendered on 8 May 1945.
Ernest Joseph Fazio (January 25, 1942 – December 1, 2017) was an American professional baseball second baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Houston Colt .45s (1962–63) and Kansas City Athletics (1966). Fazio attended Santa Clara University, threw and batted right-handed, stood 5 feet 7 inches (1.70 m) tall and weighed 165 pounds (75 kg).
Fazio signed with the Colt .45s and split his first professional season, 1962, between Houston's first-ever National League team and its Triple-A affiliate, the Oklahoma City 89ers. In 1963, he was able to play in 102 games for Houston by filling in at second base, third base and shortstop. He hit both of his major league home runs in that year, off lefthanders Denny Lemaster and Hall of Famer Warren Spahn of the Milwaukee Braves.
After the 1965 season, he was the "player to be named later" in an earlier trade that sent Houston pitcher Jesse Hickman to the Athletics for slugger Jim Gentile. Despite his small stature, Fazio had shown power that year by hitting 23 home runs for Oklahoma City. He played in 27 games for the Athletics as a backup infielder during the 1966 season. Fazio's brother – John Richina started and coached Oakland Dynamites Pop Warner, Oakland, CA & managed Babe Ruth Baseball
All told, Fazio appeared in 141 MLB games, and garnered 50 hits in 274 at bats.
Gagangad is a fort situated in Gaganbawada tehsil of Kolhapur district in Maharashtra, India. It was built in 1190.
This fort is situated 55 km west of Kolhapur city. There's at below fort mahadev temple and gagangiri Maharaj math. This fort situated at very thick rain Forrest of Maharashtra's Western Ghats you can reach Fort by your vehicle and then you can walk for about 1 hour for reach the top of the fort.
North West Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in India.
Bartholomew of Neocastro (c. 1240 – after 1293) was an Italian jurist, and author of a chronicle called the Historia Sicula, which covers the years from 1250 to 1293.
Few things are known about Bartholomew. It is known that he was a bureaucrat from Messina who first practiced law before assuming bureaucratic assignments with the Aragonese court of the Kingdom of Sicily. These included several delicate diplomatic missions. It is in this position that Bartholomew was a direct and close witness to the narrated series of events. In some cases, he was a spectator from the inside.
Clear Venstre or Clear Left (Danish: Rene Venstre), also known as Bergske Venstre or Bergske Left was a political group from 1884 to 1897. It was one of two groups splitting from Venstre of the Folketing in 1884, the other being Moderate Venstre.
Odontodactylus scyllarus, commonly known as the peacock mantis shrimp, harlequin mantis shrimp, painted mantis shrimp, clown mantis shrimp, rainbow mantis shrimp, or simply mantis shrimp, is a large stomatopod native to the epipelagic seabed across the Indo-Pacific, ranging from the Marianas to East Africa, and as far South as Northern KwaZulu Natal in South Africa.
In the marine aquarium trade, it is both prized for its attractiveness and considered by others to be a dangerous pest.


Tim Hazell (born 13 June 1981) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Hazell was drafted to Hawthorn from the Southern Districts Football Club in Tasmania with the 55th selection in the 1999 AFL Draft.  He only played five games for Hawthorn in 2001, before he was delisted, and but re-selected by Hawthorn to their rookie list in the 2003 Rookie Draft. He did not play another senior AFL game, despite being elevated to the Hawthorn senior list at the beginning of the 2003 season and then being selected by Adelaide with the 12th selection in the 2004 Rookie Draft. He was delisted by Adelaide at the end of the 2004 AFL season.
He attended The Hutchins School in Hobart. He has played for Port Melbourne and the Tasmanian Devils Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) 
and Norwood Football Club in the South Australian National Football League whilst he was on the Adelaide list.
Elizabeth L. Dribben (August 20, 1937 – January 20, 2011) was an American radio and television producer and host. She is best known for her time as a producer for CBS News from 1972 to 1993. Her previous work included at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, and radio stations WEVD and WNYC in New York City.
Booker T. Washington High School is a public high school in Atlanta, Georgia. Named for the famous educator Booker T. Washington, the school opened in September 1924 under the auspices of the Atlanta Board of Education, with the late Charles Lincoln Harper as principal. It was the first public high school for African-Americans in the state of Georgia and the Atlanta Public Schools system.
Booker T. Washington High School was transformed into four small schools. Starting in the fall of 2014, the school transitioned back to the original one school, with four assistant principals, one academy leader, and one principal.
Richard Linton, ASMA, (born 1935) is an internationally renowned Australian artist. His paintings are primarily of maritime subjects.


Quincannon, Frontier Scout is a 1956 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by John C. Higgins and Don Martin. The film stars Tony Martin, Peggie Castle, John Bromfield, John Smith and Ron Randell. The film was released in May 1956, by United Artists.
"Walang utang na loob" is a Filipino expression used to describe ungratefulness or the act of disregarding a "debt of gratitude". It is related to the Filipino cultural trait utang na loob, which literally means "debt of one's inner self (loob)" and is often translated to "debt of gratitude".
Tecno Spark 9T and Tecno Spark 9 Pro are Android-based smartphones manufactured, released and marketed by Tecno Mobile as part of Tecno Spark 9 series. The devices serve as successors to Tecno Spark 8 series.
The Spark 9T and Spark 9 Pro is an upgraded version of Spark 8 series, coming with different features, including the processor, camera and design. The phone has received generally favorable reviews, with critics mostly noting the design and the selfie camera. Critics, however, criticized the lack of higher refresh rate in the Spark 9 Pro.
Adam Green (born 12 January 1984) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Leatherhead as a defender.
This is a chronological list of spaceflights to the International Space Station (ISS), including long-term ISS crew, short term visitors, replacement/rescue missions and mixed human/cargo missions. Uncrewed visiting spacecraft are excluded (see Uncrewed spaceflights to the International Space Station for details). ISS crew members are listed in bold. "Time docked" refers to the spacecraft and does not always correspond to the crew.
As of 30 May 2023, 269 people from 21 countries had visited the space station, many of them multiple times. The United States sent 163 people, Russia sent 57, 11 were Japanese, nine were Canadian, five were Italian, four were French, four were German, two from the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia and one each from Belgium, Brazil, Denmark, Israel, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, the Netherlands, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom.
U.S. Space Shuttle missions were capable of carrying more humans and cargo than the Russian Soyuz spacecraft, resulting in more U.S. short-term human visits until the Space Shuttle program was discontinued in 2011. Between 2011 and 2020, Soyuz was the sole means of human transport to the ISS, delivering mostly long-term crew. Russian cargo deliveries have been exclusively carried out by the uncrewed missions of Progress spacecraft, requiring fewer human spaceflights.
Continued international collaboration on ISS missions has been thrown into doubt by the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions on Russia, but is still continuing as of 2024.
The 1977 Lowell Chiefs football team was an American football team that represented the University of Lowell (later renamed University of Massachusetts Lowell) as a member of the New England Colonial Football Conference (NECFC) during the 1977 National Collegiate Football Association (NCFA) season. In their third year under head coach John Perreault, the Chiefs compiled a perfect 10–0 record (8–0 in conference games), won the NECFC championship, defeated Duquesne in the NCFA Championship Game, held seven opponents to seven or fewer points, and outscored all opponents by a total of 380 to 56.
The NECC coaches selected Lowell's junior fullback Ken Gauthier as the conference's most valuable player and Perreault as the coach of the year. Gauthier totaled 494 rushing yards with an average of 6.3 yards per carry. Another Lowell back, Terry Coleman, led the conference with 1,322 rushing yards and 20 touchdowns.
Nine Lowell players selected for the all-conference team were: Gauthier at fullback; Coleman at running back; Tipper Durkin at quarterback; Mike McKeon at offensive tackle; Marty McLain at center; Bill Kulis at defensive end; Russ Calla at middle guard; Bill Florence at linebacker; and Steve Pepe at cornerback.
Perreault also led the 1979 Lowell team to a second national championship in three years and led the team to varsity status in 1980.
The team played its home games at Cawley Stadium in Lowell, Massachusetts.
Colostethus lynchi is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae. It is endemic to Colombia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The Free Sons of Israel, is a fraternal organization that was established in 1849 to aid Jewish refugees from the Revolutions of 1848.
Patrick Rooney Jr. (born February 9, 1964) is a former Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 85th District, which includes northern Palm Beach County, from 2012 to 2016. Rooney previously represented the 83rd District from 2010 to 2012.
Abdullah Bughra (Uyghur: (Kona Yëziq) ئابدۇللا بۇغرا, عبد الله بغرا; Chinese: 阿不都拉·布格拉; pinyin: Ābùdūlā·Bùgélā; died 1934) was a Uighur Emir of the First East Turkestan Republic. He was the younger brother of Muhammad Amin Bughra and older brother of Emir Nur Ahmad Jan Bughra. He commanded Uighur and Kirghiz forces during the Battle of Kashgar (1934) against the Chinese Muslim 36th Division (National Revolutionary Army). The Chinese Muslims were loyal to the Chinese government and wanted to crush the Turkic Muslim Uighurs and Kirghiz in revenge for the Kizil massacre. He also had Afghan bodyguards protecting him. He was killed in 1934 at Yarkand by Chinese Muslim troops under general Ma Zhancang. All of Abdullah's fighters were killed, but his body was never found, which later gave rise to speculations about his fate.
Several sources state that Abdullah's head was cut off after he was killed and sent to Id Kah Mosque to be put on display.
Veronika Bromova, born on 12 August 1966 in Prague, is a Czech new-media artist who focuses on computer manipulating photographs by using the program Photoshop. She lives and works in Prague. She is working with genre themes, feminism, pedophilia and mystery, and she has exhibited in Europe and the United States. She has received  grants and awards, including a Czech "Grammy" for the best CD cover and the International Studio Program in New York, 1998. She represented the Czech Republic at the 1999 Venice Biennale in the Czechoslovakia building.
Michael Reid is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s. He played for the Canterbury Bulldogs in 1987 and the Newcastle Knights from 1988 to 1989.
Will Guzzardi is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives who represents the 39th District. The 39th District includes parts of the Avondale, Belmont Cragin, Hermosa, Old Irving Park, Portage Park and Logan Square. Guzzardi is a co-chair of the Illinois House's Progressive Caucus.
Konongwootong is a locality in south west Victoria, Australia. The locality is in the Shire of Southern Grampians, on the Coleraine-Edenhope Road, 342 kilometres (213 mi) west of the state capital, Melbourne.
At the 2016 census, Konongwootong had a population of 50.
Olfactory receptor 10S1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the OR10S1 gene.
Olfactory receptors interact with odorant molecules in the nose, to initiate a neuronal response that triggers the perception of a smell. The olfactory receptor proteins are members of a large family of G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCR) arising from single coding-exon genes. Olfactory receptors share a 7-transmembrane domain structure with many neurotransmitter and hormone receptors and are responsible for the recognition and G protein-mediated transduction of odorant signals. The olfactory receptor gene family is the largest in the genome. The nomenclature assigned to the olfactory receptor genes and proteins for this organism is independent of other organisms.
Wilmer is an unincorporated community in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.
Pseudorhabdosynochus mizellei is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of the red hind, Epinephelus guttatus. It has been described by Kritsky, Bakenhaster and Adams in 2015.
The species was named Diplectanum epinepheli by Mizelle & Wood but this name was not published and is a nomen nudum according to Kritsky, Bakenhaster & Adams (2015).
Lance Sergeant Thomas Patrick Neely,  (28 March 1897 – 1 October 1918) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross (VC), the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. A soldier with The King's Own Royal Lancaster Regiment, he was awarded the VC for his actions in late September 1918, during the Hundred Days Offensive of the First World War. He was killed in action a few days later.
The 2020 Oracle Challenger Series – Indian Wells was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the third edition of the tournament, and part of the 2020 ATP Challenger Tour and the 2020 WTA 125K series. It took place from March 2–8, 2020 in Indian Wells, United States.
The 1914 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final was the twenty-seventh All-Ireland Final and the culmination of the 1914 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, an inter-county hurling tournament for the top teams in Ireland.
Clare were the winners.
Monadrehid GAA Club refused a request from the Laois County Board for a contribution after the team reached the 1914 final. The club was using its money locally to deal with a player-welfare issue of their own.


The 2018 Challenge Tour was the 30th season of the Challenge Tour, the official development tour to the European Tour.
Discoverer 6, also known as Corona 9003,: 236  was an American optical reconnaissance satellite launched on 19 August 1959 at 19:24:44 GMT, the third of ten operational flights of the Corona KH-1 spy satellite series. Though the spacecraft was orbited successfully, the onboard camera ceased operating by the second orbit, and the film-return capsule could not be recovered.
Janus kinase (JAK) is a family of intracellular, non-receptor tyrosine kinases that transduce cytokine-mediated signals via the JAK-STAT pathway. They were initially named "just another kinase" 1 and 2 (since they were just two of many discoveries in a PCR-based screen of kinases), but were ultimately published as "Janus kinase". The name is taken from the two-faced Roman god of beginnings, endings and duality, Janus, because the JAKs possess two near-identical phosphate-transferring domains. One domain exhibits the kinase activity, while the other negatively regulates the kinase activity of the first.
The Wind in the Willows is a 1987 American animated musical television film directed by Arthur Rankin, Jr. and Jules Bass, co-founders of Rankin/Bass Productions in New York, New York. It is an adaptation of Kenneth Grahame's 1908 novel The Wind in the Willows. Set in a pastoral version of England, the film focuses on four anthropomorphised animal characters (Moley, Ratty, Mr. Toad, and Mr. Badger) and contains themes of mysticism, adventure, morality, and camaraderie. The film features the voices of Charles Nelson Reilly, Roddy McDowall, José Ferrer, and Eddie Bracken. The screenplay was written by Romeo Muller, a long-time Rankin/Bass writer whose work included Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer (1964),  Frosty the Snowman (1969), The Hobbit (1977), and  The Flight of Dragons (1982), among others. The film's animation was outsourced to James C.Y. Wang's Cuckoo's Nest Studios (also known as Wang Film Productions) in Taipei, Taiwan.
This was the last project produced by Rankin/Bass before the company was shut down on March 4, 1987. The film was finished in 1983 and released on video in the UK in November of that year, but its US television premiere was delayed several times trying to air in 1985, before finally airing July 5, 1987 on ABC. In this version, the horse pulling the barge is the same horse who pulls Mr. Toad's caravan, Portly is Badger's nephew, and The Piper at the Gates of Dawn and Wayfarer's All chapters are included, although the events of Wayfarer's All occurs before the events of The Piper at the Gates of Dawn, and Ratty actually leaves the Riverbank, only to be found later by Mole (alongside Portly).
Rankin/Bass had previously produced a television show with the Wind in the Willows characters in 1970, The Reluctant Dragon & Mr. Toad Show, with the voices of Canadian actors Paul Soles, Donna Miller, Claude Rae and Carl Banas, the production artwork of Paul Coker, Jr., and the animation of Osamu Tezuka's Mushi Production in Tokyo, Japan.
Johannes Lavik (1883 – 29 September 1952) was a Norwegian jurist, journalist and newspaper editor. He was born in Kvinnherad to the parliamentarian and revivalist Andreas Lavik. He edited the newspaper Dagen for more than thirty years, from 1919 to 1952.
Comedy Central was a television channel owned by ViacomCBS, broadcasting in Southeast Asia and the domestic version of the international Comedy Central network.


The A417 is a main road in England, running from Streatley, Berkshire to Hope under Dinmore, Herefordshire. It is best known for its section between Cirencester and Gloucester where it has primary status and forms part of the link between the major settlements of Swindon and Gloucester.
"She Needs Love" is a song written by Clint Ballard Jr. for Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders. It was the third and final song written by him that the group recorded, following "The Game of Love" and "It's Just a Little Bit Too Late". Upon release, the single only reached number 32 in the UK, which prompted Fontana to pursue a solo career while the Mindbenders continued as a trio.
Kohllapse is a gothic-doom metal band from Canberra, Australia, formed in the early 1990s. They were well known in the Christian music scene because of the members' beliefs; however, the band developed notoriety within the secular underground metal scene in the 1990s, and were closely followed by the newsportals of the scene throughout the band's career. While Kohllapse released its only two albums independently, their catalogue was distributed widely through Nuclear Blast USA and Blast Beats distribution. The band is notable for its innovative music, which was said to be ahead of its time, that combines darkwave and progressive doom metal, and the fact that they became significantly well known in both secular and Christian metal scenes. Distant Mind Alternative was their most popular and critically acclaimed album, and has been re-issued by Soundmass in 2005. The band mainly consisted of guitarist-vocalist Ro Edwards and drummer-keyboardist Matt Aitchison. After Aitchison left in 1999 the band split up in 2001.
Scabricola padangensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.


Piledriver: The Wrestling Album II is the second soundtrack album released by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE). It was released on September 21, 1987, by Epic Records. It featured actual vocal performances from several of the wrestlers themselves.
The original vinyl LP release of Piledriver featured a head shot of Hulk Hogan wearing a construction hard hat on the front cover.  It is the only WWF/WWE album to have not been released on CD.  In addition to the album, a VHS videotape version was also issued in 1987 by Coliseum Video. This tape featured music videos for 8 of the songs from the album (the songs "Crank It Up" and "Waking Up Alone" did not have music videos made for them).
Several of the songs on the album would be used as entrance themes for the wrestlers. Strike Force used an instrumental version of "Girls in Cars" until their split in 1989, Koko B. Ware used "Piledriver" into 1990, Honky Tonk Man used his self-titled track for the majority of his career, "Demolition" was used for the team until late 1990, "Jive Soul Bro" was used as the theme of Slick and several of his wrestlers until 1990, and "Crank It Up" was used for the tag team of The Young Stallions (a storyline was created in which Jimmy Hart wanted to use the song for The Hart Foundation, but the Stallions "stole" it).
Niemeläinen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Ilmari Niemeläinen (1910–1951), Finnish diver and architect
Markus Niemeläinen (born 1998), Finnish ice hockey player
Eirik Brandsdal (born 11 November 1986) is a Norwegian former cross-country skier who began competing in 2005. His five World Cup victories came in sprint events in Otepää on 23 January 2011, in Milan on 14 January 2012, in Drammen on 7 March 2012, in Kuusamo on 29 November 2014 and in Drammen on 8 March 2017. He retired after the 2019–20 season, which he announced on 24 March 2020.
Mt. Washington Pediatric Hospital is a United States 102-bed non-profit children's hospital set in the scenic neighborhood of Mt. Washington in Baltimore, Maryland, that provides long-term care for children with complex health problems.  MWPH is jointly owned by Johns Hopkins Medical System and University of Maryland Medical System. Funded by patient revenue and private charitable donations, Mt. Washington Pediatric Hospital is a comprehensive sub-acute care facility for children from birth to young adult; MWPH provides transitional and support care for a variety of conditions,  including premature birth, serious and chronic illness, traumatic injury, ADHD, autism spectrum disorder, cerebral palsy, childhood obesity, diabetes, feeding problems, among others. Mt. Washington Pediatric Hospital also has a unit at Prince George's Hospital Center in Cheverly, Maryland. MWPH accreditations include Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities and The Joint Commission.
Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host may refer to the following Emmy Awards:

Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Game Show Host, presented from 1974 to 2022
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Host for a Game Show, presented since 2023
Mark Carroll may refer to:

Mark Carroll (rugby league) (born 1967), Australian rugby league footballer
Mark Carroll (runner) (born 1972), Irish runner
Mark Kenny Carroll (1896–1985), American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
The American Magazine of Useful and Entertaining Knowledge (1834–1837) was a monthly magazine based in Boston, Massachusetts. It was established by a group of engravers to "give to the public a work descriptive, not merely of subjects, scenes, places, and persons existing in distant climes, but also of those which are to be found in our own fine and native country." It featured profusely illustrated articles on many topics, including American animals, plants, natural scenery, colleges, banks, hospitals, churches, cities, technology, and so on; as well as biographical articles on figureheads of the revolutionary and federal eras. Modelled after the British Penny Magazine, it was published first by the Boston Bewick Company, then by William D. Ticknor and John L. Sibley. In 1836 Nathaniel Hawthorne served as editor.
Sør-Arnøy is a small fishing village in Gildeskål Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. The village covers the majority of the island of Sør-Arnøya. The closest town to Sør-Arnøy is Bodø, which is located about  25 kilometres (16 mi) to the northeast on the mainland.
The 0.66-square-kilometre (160-acre) village had a population (2007) of 205 and a population density of 311 inhabitants per square kilometre (810/sq mi). Since 2007, the population and area data for this village area has not been separately tracked by Statistics Norway.
Nabata Station (菜畑駅, Nabata-eki) is a train station in Ikoma, Nara Prefecture, Japan.
Charles William Appleton (November 9, 1874 – January 10, 1945), was the vice president of the General Electric Company and was a United States magistrate judge and an Assistant District Attorney in New York City.
Appleton graduated from St. Lawrence University in 1897 where Appleton Arena now bears his name.
FC SKA-Orbita Lviv was a Ukrainian football club from Lviv, Lviv Oblast. Oleksandr Svishchov was the club's president.
The club did not play at any single elimination tournaments (cup competitions) at national level (amateur or professional).
During its professional period, SKA-Orbita played its home games at SKA Stadium.


St Helen's Church, Trowell is a Grade II* listed Anglican parish church in Trowell, Nottinghamshire, England.
The Van Buren Post Office is located at 22 South 7th Street in Van Buren, Arkansas. It is a single-story brick and stone building, with restrained Art Deco styling. The main entrance is topped by a panel with aluminum signage identifying the building, with a large window above. It is flanked by tall pilasters, beyond which are tall windows and another pair of pilasters. The outer bays of the facade, set off from the center, have windows topped by decorative Art Deco panels. The post office was built in 1936, and features a mural by E. Martin Hennings (a member of the Taos Society of Artists), that was executed in 1940 with funding from the Treasury Department's Section of Fine Arts.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
The 2023–24 season was Arsenal Football Club's 32nd season in the Premier League, their 98th consecutive season in the top flight of English football, and 107th season in the top flight overall. In addition to the domestic league, Arsenal also participated in this season's editions of the FA Cup, EFL Cup, FA Community Shield and UEFA Champions League, returning to the premier European competition after a six-year absence.
This season covers the period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024. The Gunners kicked off their campaign by winning the Community Shield for the 17th time in their history. Following eliminations from the FA Cup, EFL Cup and UEFA Champions League, they finished second in the Premier League and qualified for next season's Champions League.
Managed by Mikel Arteta in his fourth full season, Arsenal were the third-youngest team in the Premier League with an average starting age of 25 years and 158 days. Six first-team players – Jorginho, Reiss Nelson, Martin Ødegaard, William Saliba, Takehiro Tomiyasu and Ben White – signed new contracts with the club during the campaign. This was the first season since 2016–17 without Swiss midfielder and former club vice-captain Granit Xhaka, who departed to German side Bayer Leverkusen.


Grenay is the name of two communes in France:

Grenay, Isère
Grenay, Pas-de-Calais
Mentzelia congesta is a species of flowering plants in the family Loasaceae known by the common name united blazingstar.
Ngadha (IPA: [ŋaᶑa], also spelled Ngada, Ngadʼa or Ngaʼda) is an Austronesian language, one of six languages spoken in the central stretch of the Indonesian island of Flores. From west to east these languages are Ngadha, Nage, Keo, Ende, Lio, and Palu'e. These languages form the proposed Central Flores group of the Sumba–Flores languages, according to Blust (2009).
Djawanai (1983) precises that Ngadha somewhat deviates from Austronesian norms, in that words do not have clear cognates and the grammatical processes are different; for example, the Austronesian family of languages makes an abundant use of prefixes or suffixes (which form new words by adding extensions either before or after root-words, such as [per-]form or child[-hood]), whereas the Ngadha language uses no prefixes or suffixes.
Ngadha is one of the few languages with a retroflex implosive /ᶑ /.
Herbert Ulrich (14 September 1921 – 23 May 2002) was an Austrian ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1948 Winter Olympics.


Orchestina is a spider genus in the family Oonopidae, first described by Eugène Simon in 1882.
Piracy has taken place in a maritime area bounded by Suez and the Strait of Hormuz, in the region around the Horn of Africa, and waters surrounding the Arabian Peninsula; in the region of the Indian Ocean from the Red Sea through the Arabian Sea to the Gulf of Oman. 
Modern-day sea piracy occurs in the region, and has caused international security areas to be declared in the region in the 21st-century. Approximately 35 percent of all crude oil shipped by sea and one-third of all liquefied natural gas pass through the Strait of Hormuz. Such shipments are one of the targets of piracy.
The Men's Freestyle 97 kg is a competition featured at the 2023 European Wrestling Championships, and was held in Zagreb, Croatia on April 17 and 18.
No. 48 Squadron is a unit of the Indian Air Force assigned to Maintenance Command. The Squadron participates in operations involving air, land and airdrop of troops, equipment, supplies, and support or augment special operations forces, when appropriate.
Williford School District was a school district based in Williford, Arkansas. The district had elementary and high school divisions. The mascot was the Williford Indians.
On July 1, 2004 the district merged with the Randolph County School District to form the Twin Rivers School District. On July 1, 2010, the Twin Rivers district was dissolved, and both of the district's schools were closed at the time of the dissolution. Sections of the former Williford school district were reassigned to the Highland, Hillcrest, and Sloan-Hendrix districts.
This is the list of teams participated at the Philippine Super Liga.
Tölö IF is a Swedish football club located in Kungsbacka.
Geleshan (Chinese: 歌乐山; pinyin: Gēlèshān) is a subdistrict in the Shapingba District of Chongqing, China. It is located 13.6 km west of Chongqing city centre.
Majorera Assembly (Spanish: Asamblea Majorera, AM) is a party in Fuerteventura. It was founded in 1977 as a group of independents by Miguel Cabrera Cabrera, who was elected senator in the 1977 and 1982 general elections.
Before the autonomy of the Canary Islands, AM had a seat in the Canarian Junta. In the 1983 regional election, it gained 3 out of 7 deputies in Fuerteventura. When the party Canarian Independent Groups was formed in 1985, AM refused to join, repeating its result in solitary in the 1987 regional election.
In 1995, it joined Canarian Coalition.
Ghost forests are areas of dead trees in former forests, typically in coastal regions where rising sea levels or tectonic shifts have altered the height of a land mass. Forests located near the coast or estuaries may also be at risk of dying through saltwater poisoning, if invading seawater reduces the amount of freshwater that deciduous trees receive for sustenance.
Derb-e Murgah (Persian: درب مورگاه, also Romanized as Derb-e Mūrgāh; also known as Mūrgā) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 10 families.
Tunica Elementary School may refer to:

Tunica Elementary School - Tunica, Mississippi - Tunica County School District
Tunica Elementary School - West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana - West Feliciana Parish Public Schools
The Georg Dehio Book Prize (Georg Dehio-Buchpreis) is a biennial literary award for authors who, "in their literary, scholarly or public work, address the themes of the common culture and history of the German people and their Eastern neighbors at a high level and from a broad perspective."  Described as "prestigious" by the Austrian state broadcasting system ORF, the Dehio Prize is funded by the German government through the Office of the Federal Commissioner for Culture and Media (Beauftragte der Bundesregierung for Kultur und Medien), the competition being administered by the German Cultural Forum for Eastern Europe (Deutsches Kulturforums östliches Europa), a state-endowed agency. It commemorates the Tallinn-born German art historian Georg Dehio (1850-1932), whose pioneering emphasis on multi-ethnic and transnational cultural interconnections and influences in Eastern Europe serves as a guiding principle for the work of the German Cultural Forum.
The prize comes in two categories: a Grand Prize of €7,000 and a Prize of Honor of €3,000. The Grand Prize honors an author's lifetime achievement in literary and/or public endeavors. The Prize of Honor is awarded in recognition of an outstanding published work. If the prizewinning publication is a translation, the prize may be shared between the author and the translator.
The Georg Dehio Book Prize began in 2004, and is awarded every other year, alternating with the Georg Dehio Cultural Prize, which was first offered in 2003.
Winners of the Georg Dehio Book Prize are chosen by a selection committee whose members are appointed by the Board of Trustees of the German Cultural Forum on the nomination of its executive committee. It is composed of renowned personalities from the fields of literary studies, publishing and the media. Permanent members of the Selection Committee include a representative of the Office of the Federal Commissioner for Culture and Media (BKM) and a representative of the BKM-funded institutions concerned with the culture and history of the German-speaking peoples of Eastern Europe.
Six Studies in English Folk Song is a piece of chamber music written by English composer Ralph Vaughan Williams in 1926. It is a collection of six English folk songs set for cello and piano. Each song follows the same format: presentation of the tune in the solo line, followed by a full iteration of the folk song in the piano with an ornamented solo line.
Originally written for cellist May Mukle and piano, Vaughan Williams wrote that his aim in setting the songs was for them to be “treated with love.” It has been transcribed by the composer and others for violin, viola, English horn, clarinet, bassoon, alto sax, and tuba.
Never straying from his English roots, Vaughan Williams sought to organically weave elements of his native music into all of his compositions, rather than imitate it. One of the earliest researchers in ethnomusicology, he traveled the British countryside recording and transcribing folk music directly from its source.
Acrepidopterum reseri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Vitali in 2002.
Bakaniuk [baˈkaɲuk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Raczki, 8 km (5 mi) south-west of Suwałki, and 104 km (65 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
Franklin Raymond Stubbs Jr. (July 12, 1909 – April 20, 1993) was an American ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Deadman Island is an island near Suisun Bay. It is part of Solano County, California, and not managed by any reclamation district. Its coordinates are 38°13′14″N 122°01′41″W, and the United States Geological Survey measured its elevation as 7 ft (2.1 m) in 1981. It is labeled, along with Joice Island, Grizzly Island, Simmons Island, Ryer Island and Roe Island, on a 1902 USGS map of the area.
Izvorul cu Hotar River may refer to:

Izvorul cu Hotar, a tributary of the Latorița in Vâlcea County
Izvorul cu Hotar, a tributary of the Lotru in Vâlcea County
"I Dream to Sleep" is a song by Scottish pop band H2O, composed by all of the band members and produced by Tony Cox. Initially released in 1983, the song was later included on H2O's debut studio album, Faith (1984). The single features the non-album track, "Burn to Win" as its B-side, which was later included as a bonus track on the CD reissue of the Faith album. It was their first release on the label RCA and it peaked at No. 17 on the UK Singles Chart.
Lead singer Ian Donaldson was inspired to write the song's lyrics after seeing Yazoo perform "Only You" on Top of the Pops. It makes reference to and quotes David Bowie's song "Young Americans", of whom Donaldson was a fan.
Baycar (also styled as baycar) is a bus service in Cardiff, connecting the city centre and Cardiff Bay.
The service forms part of the wider Cardiff Bus network. The baycar used to be themed with its own branded vehicles, bus shelters and boards.
Interstate 895 is a bypass through Baltimore, Maryland.
Interstate 895 may also refer to:

Interstate 895 (Rhode Island–Massachusetts), a never-built bypass of Providence, Rhode Island
New York State Route 895, a short connector in Bronx, New York formerly numbered Interstate 895
Interstate 895 (New Jersey–Pennsylvania), a never-built connector northeast of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Interstate 95 in Delaware, temporarily signed as Interstate 895 through Wilmington
Part of eastern Interstate 76 (now Interstate 676), a freeway through Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Virginia State Route 895, a connector in Richmond, Virginia that was originally slated to become Interstate 895.
Verkhnii Turiv (Ukrainian: Верхній Турів, Polish: Tureczki Wyżne) is a village (selo) in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine. It belongs to Borynia settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
The village was first mentioned in 1564. There is a wooden Orthodox church built in 1890.
Until 18 July 2020, Verkhnii Turiv belonged to Turka Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Lviv Oblast to seven. The area of Turka Raion was merged into Sambir Raion.
Zafra smithi is a species of sea snail in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
Cerro Azul is a city in the  Mexican state of Veracruz. Located in the state's Huasteca Baja region, it serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of the same name. 
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the city reported a total population of  
23,573.
Cape Collinson (Chinese: 歌連臣角), also Hak Kok Tau (黑角頭), is a cape located near Ngan Wan between Siu Sai Wan and Big Wave Bay at the eastmost point of Hong Kong Island. It faces Tathong Channel.
A Glass-bottom boat is a type of boat with transparent sections below the waterline.
Glass Bottom Boat may also refer to:

The Glass Bottom Boat, a 1966 romantic comedy film starring Doris Day and Rod Taylor
"Glass Bottom Boat", song on 2002 album The Rest of Us by Gas Huffer
"Glass Bottom Boat", song on 1996 The Visualz EP by Siah and Yeshua DapoED
"Glass Bottom Boat", song on 2013 Soothsayer EP by The Fresh & Onlys
Level It Records/Glass Bottom Boat Music, record company that released music by Janus (American band)
Eau Sauvage is a perfume for men that is produced by Parfums Christian Dior and was created by perfumer Edmond Roudnitska. The perfume was introduced in 1966, and it was Dior's first perfume for men. 
The name of the fragrance is reputedly the result of a late arrival by Christian Dior's friend Percy Savage to Dior's home. Dior had asked Savage to help find a name for a perfume for men. When Savage arrived, he was announced by Dior's butler as "Monsieur Sauvage"; the designer decided that "Oh, Sauvage" would be a fitting name.
On its release, advertisements for the perfume featured French actor Alain Delon.
Jimmy Deenihan (born 11 September 1952) is an Irish former Fine Gael politician who served as Minister of State for the Diaspora from 2014 to 2016, Minister for Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht from 2011 to 2014 and Minister of State at the Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry from 1994 to 1997. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1987 to 2016. He was a Senator from 1983 to 1987, after being nominated by the Taoiseach.
Deenihan played Gaelic football for the Kerry county team in the 1970s and 1980s. He also played rugby with Garryowen.
The Tachira antpitta (Grallaria chthonia) is a Critically Endangered bird species in the family Grallariidae. It is endemic to Venezuela.
Mbala is a village in the Bamingui-Bangoran Prefecture in the northern Central African Republic.
"Struggle for Pleasure" is a musical piece released in 1983 by Belgian composer Wim Mertens. It is the theme music used by the Belgian phone operator Proximus. It was featured in the Peter Greenaway movie The Belly of an Architect.  Energy 52's track "Café Del Mar" features a main melody based on "Struggle for Pleasure".  It was also covered by Belgian dance music group Minimalistix in 2000 and reached dance charts across Europe.
The electoral district of Carrum is an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. 
It lies in the south eastern suburbs of Melbourne, covering Bangholme, Bonbeach, Carrum, Carrum Downs, Patterson Lakes, Sandhurst, Seaford and Skye.
The seat was created in 1976 and traditionally has had a working class character and has been safe for the Labor Party. However, since the 1990s the area has been gentrifying and the seat was won by the Liberal Party against the trend at the 1996 election. However, the seat was narrowly recovered by Labor due to the Anti-Kennett swing in 1999 and the 'Brackslide' of 2002 reverted the seat to its original safe Labor status.
The 2013 redistribution significantly reshaped the seat, with the seat losing Aspendale, Edithvale and parts of Chelsea to the seat of Mordialloc and gaining Carrum Downs and Sandhurst from the seat of Cranbourne.
In the 2014 Victorian State Election, Labor MP Sonya Kilkenny defeated the Liberal incumbent to regain the seat.
Kanoj, formerly known as Ra Kanoj, was a town destroyed whose ruins are stretched for a mile. They are located in Lakhpat Taluka of Kutch district of Gujarat, India.
In Greece, the Phaedriades (Φαιδριάδες, meaning "the shining ones") are the pair of cliffs, ca 700 m high on the lower southern slope of Mt. Parnassos, which rise above the sacred site of Delphi. Strabo, Plutarch and Pausanias all mentioned the Phaedriades when describing the site, a narrow valley of the Pleistos (today Xeropotamos) formed by Parnassos and Mount Cirphis. Between them rises the Castalian Spring. Even nowadays, at noontime, the rock surfaces reflect a dazzling glare.


Membership discrimination in California social clubs has been based on sex, race, religion, political views and social standing. In the late 1980s, a successful effort was made in many of the clubs to open up membership first to racial or religious minorities and then to women. Strictly private clubs that are not open to the public, and for which tax exemptions are not claimed, maintain their right to discriminate on the basis of sex or race, and all clubs can discriminate on the basis of social standing.
A state law against discriminating in the service of private businesses was gradually made applicable to social clubs that engaged in commercial activities. Rules against discrimination were also applied where clubs were the beneficiaries of government in any way, notably through taxes or subsidies.
Isis Central is a rural locality in the Bundaberg Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2021 census, Isis Central had a population of 205 people.
Episphaeria is a genus of fungus in the Agaricales. The genus is monotypic, and contains the single rare species Episphaeria fraxinicola, found in Europe. Its familial position is not known with certainty. The tiny fruit bodies of the fungus resemble minute, white cups that grow scattered or in groups on the bark of ash trees.
Gardner Cowles Sr. (1861–1946) was an American banker, publisher, and politician. He was the owner of The Des Moines Register and the Des Moines Tribune.
Bulia mexicana is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Hans Hermann Behr in 1870. It is found from Chiapas in western Mexico south to north-western Costa Rica.
The larvae feed on Prosopis juliflora.
Livai Ikanikoda (born 30 October 1989) is a Fijian rugby sevens player who plays in the  Fiji national rugby sevens team. He plays in the playmaker position. Ikanikoda made his debut for Fiji in the 2011-2012 HSBC 7s series. After an absence of eight years from the Fiji national rugby sevens team due to a major leg injury, he played a critical role in the playmakers position that resulted in Fiji winning the 2019 Hong Kong Sevens, its fifth consecutive Hong Kong 7s title.
WIYD (1260 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Country radio format. It is licensed to Palatka, Florida, and is currently owned by Natkim Radio, LLC.  It features programming from Westwood One.
The FCC first licensed this station to begin operations on June 24, 1947, using callsign WWPF.
Music of Thessaly is the music of the geographic and historical region of Thessaly (Greek: Θεσσαλία) in Greece. Folk dances from Thessaly are slow and stately, however the music accompanying the Syrtos dance, is typically livelier and more energetic than it is in other parts of Greece and include: Kalamatianos, Thessalikos, Dionysiakos, koftos, Sirtaki, Kalamatiano, Syrtos, kleistos, kangeli, gaitanaki, tsamikos, Pilioritikos, Svarniara, Sta tria, Karagouna, Kleistos, zeibekiko, Rougatsiarikos, Tsamiko of Deskati, antikrystos and galanogalani.
Also, every year in Tyrnavos occurs the Phallus Festival before Easter, a pagan fertility festival in honour of the god of Mount Olympus, Dionysus which locates in ancient Greece and is one of the most famous worldwide. There is also a long-standing tradition of a cappella music in Thessaly, including in dance music.
The 1840s (pronounced "eighteen-forties") was a decade of the Gregorian calendar that began on January 1, 1840, and ended on December 31, 1849.
The decade was noted in Europe for featuring the largely unsuccessful Revolutions of 1848, also known as the Springtime of Nations. Throughout the continent, bourgeois liberals and working-class radicals engaged in a series of revolts in favor of social reform. In the United Kingdom, this notably manifested itself through the Chartist movement, which sought universal suffrage and parliamentary reform. In France, the February Revolution led to the overthrow of the Orléans dynasty by Louis-Napoleon Bonaparte. In 1848, the publication of the Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx would help lay the groundwork for the global socialist movement. Arguably the first major event of the decade was the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi in the United Tribes (modern-day New Zealand) between Māori rangatira and representatives of the British Crown, which began in February 1840. Due to the differences between the Māori and English versions of the texts, the British claimed Māori had ceded sovereignty and proclaimed a new Colony, leading to more than 25 years of asymmetric armed conflict until the Colony secured substantive control. 
The Mexican–American War led to the redrawing of national boundaries in North America. In the United States, mass migration to the new West Coast occurred, following the annexation of California from Mexico with the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, 
and the California Gold Rush beginning, following the discovery of gold there, both in early 1848. On its northern border, the United States settled the Oregon boundary dispute with the United Kingdom in 1846, thereby solving a domestic political crisis in the former nation. Meanwhile in Ireland, the Great Famine began in 1845, causing the deaths of one million Irish people and forcing over a million more to emigrate. In 1848, the women's rights movement began with the Seneca Falls Convention in New York.
The last living person from this decade was Robert Early, who died in 1960.
Strupp is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Günther Strupp (1912–1996), German artist
Hans Strupp (1921–2006), German-American psychoanalyst
Tor dongnaiensis, common name Dongnai manseer, is a species of cyprinid of the genus Tor. It inhabits Vietnam's Đồng Nai and is considered harmless to humans. It has a maximum length among unsexed males of 41.1 centimetres (16.2 in). Described in 2015, it has been assessed as "near threatened" on the IUCN Red List.
"Come On Up to the House" is a song originally sung by American singer-songwriter Tom Waits and co-written by Waits and Kathleen Brennan for his 1999 album Mule Variations. Waits sings and plays piano, supported by Andrew Borger (drums), Joe Gore (guitar), Charlie Musselwhite (harmonica), Nik Phelps (saxophone), and Larry Taylor (bass).
The name of the song was used for a tribute album of Tom Waits covers by well known female singer-songwriters, called Come On Up to the House: Women Sing Waits.
Computational phylogenetics, phylogeny inference, or phylogenetic inference focuses on computational and optimization algorithms, heuristics, and approaches involved in phylogenetic analyses. The goal is to find a phylogenetic tree representing optimal evolutionary ancestry between a set of genes, species, or taxa. Maximum likelihood, parsimony, Bayesian, and minimum evolution are typical optimality criteria used to assess how well a phylogenetic tree topology describes the sequence data. Nearest Neighbour Interchange (NNI), Subtree Prune and Regraft (SPR), and Tree Bisection and Reconnection (TBR), known as tree rearrangements, are deterministic algorithms to search for optimal or the best phylogenetic tree. The space and the landscape of searching for the optimal phylogenetic tree is known as phylogeny search space.
Maximum Likelihood (also likelihood) optimality criterion is the process of finding the tree topology along with its branch lengths that provides the highest probability observing the sequence data, while parsimony optimality criterion is the fewest number of state-evolutionary changes required for a phylogenetic tree to explain the sequence data.
Traditional phylogenetics relies on morphological data obtained by measuring and quantifying the phenotypic properties of representative organisms, while the more recent field of molecular phylogenetics uses nucleotide sequences encoding genes or amino acid sequences encoding proteins as the basis for classification.
Many forms of molecular phylogenetics are closely related to and make extensive use of sequence alignment in constructing and refining phylogenetic trees, which are used to classify the evolutionary relationships between homologous genes represented in the genomes of divergent species. The phylogenetic trees constructed by computational methods are unlikely to perfectly reproduce the evolutionary tree that represents the historical relationships between the species being analyzed. The historical species tree may also differ from the historical tree of an individual homologous gene shared by those species.
Killers is the second studio album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden. It was first released on 16 February 1981 in the United Kingdom by EMI Records and on 11 May in the United States by Harvest and Capitol Records. The album was their first with guitarist Adrian Smith, and their last with vocalist Paul Di'Anno, who was fired after problems with his stage performances arose due to his alcohol and cocaine use. Killers was also the first Iron Maiden album recorded with producer Martin Birch, who went on to produce their next eight albums until Fear of the Dark (1992).
Ruben Rozendaal (21 September 1956 in Paramaribo – 1 December 2017) was a Surinamese soldier who was involved in the military coup of 1980 in Suriname and suspected in the December murders.


Ella Jenkins (born August 6, 1924) is an American singer-songwriter. Called "The First Lady of the Children's Folk Song", she has been a leading performer of folk and children's music. Her album, Multicultural Children's Songs (1995), has long been the most popular Smithsonian Folkways release. She has appeared on numerous children's television programs and in 2004, she received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. According to culture writer Mark Guarino, "across her 67-year career, Jenkins firmly established the genre of children’s music as a serious endeavor — not just for artists to pursue but also for the recording industry to embrace and promote."
Anolis agueroi, the Cabo Cruz bearded anole, is a species of lizard in the family Dactyloidae. The species is found in Cuba.
Think Pink is the debut album by English psychedelic musician Twink. Recorded in 1969, the album was released on Sire Records in the US in 1970 and Polydor Records in the UK in early 1971 (as a warm-up for the release of the Pink Fairies' debut effort Never Never Land). It was produced by Mick Farren and featured members of The Pretty Things, The Deviants, plus Steve Peregrin Took of Tyrannosaurus Rex. The final two tracks were the only commercial release of any songs written by Took until 1990, ten years after his death.
The track "Fluid" was sampled by Gnarls Barkley on their track "Would Be Killer" from the hit album The Odd Couple and Tyler, the Creator on the track “Boyfriend” from the physical release of his album Igor.


The following is a partial list of people significant to the Three Kingdoms period (220–280) of Chinese history. Their romanised names start with the letter R.
Florindo Ferrario (25 January 1897 – 30 May 1960) was an Argentine film, stage and radio actor. He appeared in thirty films from 1930 to 1958.
A decision matrix is a list of values in rows and columns that allows an analyst to systematically identify, analyze, and rate the performance of relationships between sets of values and information. Elements of a decision matrix show decisions based on certain decision criteria. The matrix is useful for looking at large masses of decision factors and assessing each factor's relative significance by weighting them by importance.


Jason J. Lewis is an American actor, best known for voicing Superman and other DC Comics characters in the Cartoon Network series Justice League Action. He was born in Torrance, California.
Summer Louise Lochowicz (born 30 March 1978 in Townsville, Queensland) is an Australian beach volleyball player and team partner of Kerri Pottharst in her Olympic debut at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.


Christ the Redeemer Catholic Separate Regional Division No. 3 or Christ the Redeemer Catholic Schools is a publicly funded Catholic school jurisdiction serving students in a number of communities across southern Alberta, Canada.


Streniastis composita is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is about 14 mm. The forewings are grey, suffusedly sprinkled with whitish and sprinkled with blackish. There are indistinct narrow dark grey transverse fasciae at the middle and three-fourths, the first bisinuate, the second straight. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
Polichno [pɔˈlixnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Chęciny and 17 km (11 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
CX Draconis is an interacting binary star system in the northern constellation of Draco, abbreviated CX Dra. It has the designation HD 174237 in the Henry Draper Catalogue; CX Draconis is the variable star designation. This is a double-lined spectroscopic binary system with a near circular orbit. The brightness of the system undergoes long-term irregular fluctuations, ranging from an apparent visual magnitude of 5.68 down to 5.99. Based on parallax measurements, it is located at a distance of approximately 1,150 light years from the Sun.
In 1921, this target was found to have a varying radial velocity by J. S. Plaskett and associates. It was shown to be a Be star by O. C. Mohler in 1940, and in 1965 M. Lacoarret studied variations in the hydrogen alpha emission profiles from the target. This system was discovered to be a photometric variable by P. Merlin in 1975. P. Koubský measured the radial velocity variations in 1976, and in 1978 published orbital elements for this binary system with a period of 6.696 days. He found that the variation in emission lines matched the time scale of the orbit, indicating that this is an interacting binary.
Using observations from the Einstein Observatory, in 1984 this system was shown to be an X-ray source by E. F. Guinan and associates. This emission may be coming from the cooler secondary that is phase-locked with the primary and is magnetically active due to rapid rotation. In 1992, J. Horn and associates determined that the secondary component is an evolved F-type giant star. Evidence suggests this star is overflowing its Roche lobe with gas streaming toward the primary.
Models indicate that the main source of the H-alpha emission is located mid-way between the two stars, with other emission lines originating from an accretion disk orbiting the primary. The circumstellar environment is changing in cycles lasting hundreds of days. Infrared emission to the northeast of the system suggests it may be undergoing systematic mass loss.
Giuseppe Pancera (10 January 1901, in Sona – 19 April 1977, in Castelnuovo del Garda) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. He won second place in both the 1928 Giro d'Italia and the 1929 Tour de France.
Dargai (Pashto: درگئی; Urdu: درگئی) is one of the tehsils of Malakand District (the other being Batkhela) in Pakistan's northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. It located on the main highway from Peshawar to Swat, Dir and Chitral.
The town of Dargai is experiencing an economic revival due to its well-known status as a hub for trade between the upper regions of Pakistan and the lower regions of Khyber Pakthunkhwa. It is also acknowledged economically as a major market for timber and historically as the last train station into Northern Pakistan.
Dargai was part of the Malakand Agency Tribal area until 1970 when the former princely states of Chitral, Dir, and Swat were amalgamated into the Malakand Division, which was in turn divided into districts, one of which was the Malakand Protected Area, known as Malakand District. In 2000 the Malakand Division was abolished and despite constitutional changes since 1970, the expression "Malakand Agency" is sometimes still used as a name for the entire area of the former agency.
Nishantha Ranatunga (born 22 January 1966) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played two One Day Internationals in 1993. An all-rounder of note in domestic cricket, he is the brother of former Sri Lanka captain Arjuna Ranatunga, Sanjeeva Ranatunga, Dammika Ranatunga and Prasanna Ranatunga.
Ymare (French pronunciation: [imaʁ]) is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
John Panzio, né Tuckson, Tockson or Toxon (c. 1838-1888), was the African favorite and valet of king Charles XV of Sweden.
The Sarasota County Library System is the public library system that serves Sarasota County in the U.S. state of Florida. It consists of 10 locations, including a central library located in the city of Sarasota.


Harvey McLane (born June 10, 1949) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the constituency of Arm River, from 1995 until 1999.  As representative of the Arm River riding, he was preceded by Progressive Conservative Gerald Muirhead and followed by Saskatchewan Party member Greg Brkich.


Henry Williamson Wake (born 21 January 1901 — 1981) was an English professional footballer. He is most famous for playing for Cardiff City in the 1925 FA Cup Final and being part of the team that won the 1927 FA Cup, although he missed the final through injury.
The Defence Health Services Directorate is the branch of the Namibian Defence Force responsible for medical facilities and the training and deployment of all medical personnel within the force. It is a significant actor in the effort to control HIV/AIDS within the NDF.
Johann Georg von Lori (17 July 1723 – 23 March 1787) was a Bavarian high official, lawyer and historian. He was the driving force behind the foundation of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities in 1759.
Jenrette is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

John Jenrette (born 1936), former American politician from the Democratic Party
Kelly Jenrette, American actress
Richard Jenrette (born 1929), one of the founders of the Wall Street firm, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ)
Rita Jenrette née Carpenter (born 1949), American celebrity, actor, television journalist, and real estate executive
Thomas Bryan (born 1873) was an English footballer who played in the Football League in the late 19th century. His clubs included Woolwich Arsenal and New Brompton and he made nine appearances in the League, scoring one goal.
This was the first edition of the tournament.
Kevin Anderson won the title, defeating Sam Querrey in the final, 4–6, 6–3, 7–6(7–1).
Michi Nakanishi (Japanese: 中西 みち, later Kurihara; January 30, 1913 – December 30, 1991) was a Japanese sprinter. She competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics in the 80 m hurdles and 4 × 100 m sprint events, and placed fifth in the relay.
Robert Wilson (June 23, 1974 – September 9, 2020) was an American professional football player who was a wide receiver for five seasons in the National Football League (NFL) with the Seattle Seahawks and New Orleans Saints. He played college football at Florida A&M University and attended Jefferson County High School in Monticello, Florida. He was released by the Saints on September 1, 2002.
On September 9, 2020, Wilson died at the age of 46 due to complications resulting from a stroke.
As of 2022, his son, Robert Wilson Jr., is a freshman defensive back for the Grambling State Tigers.
As of 2023, his other son, Raylen Wilson, is a freshman inside linebacker for the Georgia Bulldogs.
Diversey is an 'L' station on the CTA Brown Line; Purple Line express trains also stop at the station during weekday rush hours. It is an elevated station with two side platforms, located in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. Red Line trains pass through the station on the middle tracks, but do not stop.
Hazel Brooks (September 8, 1924 – September 18, 2002) was an American actress.
Polony is a contraction of "polymerase colony," a small colony of DNA.
Polonies are discrete clonal amplifications of a single DNA molecule, grown in a gel matrix. This approach greatly improves the signal-to-noise ratio. Polonies can be generated using several techniques that include solid-phase polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in polyacrylamide gels. However, other earlier patented technologies, such as that from Manteia Predictive Medicine (acquired by Solexa), which generate DNA on a solid-phase surface by bridge amplification, are generally referred to as "clusters".
The terminology and distinction between 'polony' and 'cluster' have become confused recently. Growth of clonal copies of DNA on bead surfaces remains to be generically named although some also seek to name this technique as a "polony" method.  The concept of localizing and analyzing regions containing clonal nucleic acid populations was first described in patents by Brown, et al.. (assigned to Genomic Nanosystems), however these are in liquid phase. Clusters are distinct in that they are based on solid-phase amplification of single DNA molecules where the DNA has been covalently attached to a surface.  This technology, initially coined "DNA colony generation", had been invented and developed in late 1996 at Glaxo-Welcome's Geneva Biomedical Research Institute (GBRI), by Dr Pascal Mayer and Dr Laurent Farinelli, and was publicly presented for the first time in 1998. It was finally brought to market by Solexa. Solexa Ltd/INC (Bentley et al.).
Erdurağı (Kurdish: Kelemeran) is a village in the Kurtalan District of Siirt Province in Turkey. The village had a population of 687 in 2021.
The hamlets of Arslanlı, Baştepe, Kaynaklı and Sıcaksu are attached to the village.
Endecatomus is a genus of beetles, the sole member of the family Endecatomidae. There are at least four described species in Endecatomus. Endecatomidae was formerly treated as a subfamily of Ciidae or Bostrichidae. They are found in the Holarctic region. Adults and larvae feed on the fruiting bodies of bracket fungus, creating bored cavities as they do so.
Anones is a barrio in the municipality of Las Marías, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,262.
Majority Rule is an American hardcore punk band from Northern Virginia, originally active between 1996 and 2004. Influential within the screamo subgenre, their releases include the studio albums Interviews with David Frost (2001) and Emergency Numbers (2003) and the split album Document #12 (2002) with Pg. 99. The band reunited in 2017, performing benefit shows with Pg. 99 and City of Caterpillar.
The Boy Who Turned Yellow (1972) is the last film collaboration by the British filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger, and the last theatrical feature to be written by Emeric Pressburger or directed by Michael Powell. The film was made for the Children's Film Foundation.
Shin'ichi Satō (佐藤 慎一, Satō Shin'ichi, born August 16, 1982) is a Japanese professional shogi player ranked 6-dan.
Wankspitze (elevation 2,208 m (7,244 ft)) is a summit of the Mieming Range in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It separates the Griessspitzen to the north from the Mieming Plateau to the south.
Gracemere is a rural town and locality in the Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2021 census, the locality of Gracemere had a population of 12,023 people.
Friedrich Gottlob Koenig (17 April 1774 – 17 January 1833) was a German inventor best known for his high-speed steam-powered printing press, which he built together with watchmaker Andreas Friedrich Bauer. This new style of printing press could print up to 69,000 sheets per hour, printing on both sides of the paper at the same time. 
He moved to London in 1804 and in 1810 was granted a patent on his press, which produced its first trial run in April 1812. The machine was set up in their workshop, and invitations sent out to potential customers, notably John Walter of The Times. Amidst much secrecy, for fear of upsetting the existing pressmen, trials were carried out with great success. The first issue of The Times printed with the new presses was published on 29 November 1814.
In August 1817 Koenig returned to Germany because of a disagreement with Thomas Bensley, a London book printer partner, who Koenig believed sought sole rights to the new machine. After consideration he chose an abandoned monastery in Würzburg for the premises of the factory. The firm was called Koenig & Bauer.
The Aberdare Urban District Council was established in 1894 and covered the parish of Aberdare. Its responsibilities included public health, sanitation, roads and public works generally.
There were five wards, namely Aberaman (also known as No. 5 Ward), Blaengwawr (also known as No. 4 Ward), Gadlys (also known as No. 2 Ward), Llwydcoed (also known as No. 1 Ward), and the Town Ward (also known as No. 3 Ward).  At this time, one member was elected from each ward on an annual basis.
An election was held in April 1899. It was preceded by the 1898 election and followed by the 1900 election. The term of office of members elected at the 1896 election came to an end and those elected were to serve until 1902.
(*) denotes sitting member
Drenovo is a village in Petrich Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria. As of 2013, it had a population of 99.
Henry Conyngham, 1st Earl Conyngham PC (1705 – 3 April 1781) was an Anglo-Irish nobleman and politician.
He was the second son of General Henry Conyngham of Slane Castle and his wife Mary Williams, daughter of Sir John Williams, 2nd Baronet, and widow of Charles Petty, 1st Baron Shelburne. He succeeded to the family estate on the death of his brother William.
An absentee landlord, he owned extensive properties in counties Meath and Donegal, while spending most of his time abroad. Despite being a British MP, he also controlled the pocket Irish constituency of Newtown Limavady and sat for Killybegs between 1727 and 1753.
In 1765 he was made a Privy Councillor of Ireland.
He married Ellen Merrett, daughter of Solomon Merrett and Rebecca Savage but had no children. On his death all his titles became extinct except Baron Conyngham, which passed by special remainder to his nephew Francis Burton, who adopted the surname Conyngham.
John Vernon Rob  (17 December 1915 - 7 March 1971) was a British diplomat and the first British High Commissioner to Singapore.
Rob was born in Chertsey, Surrey and educated at Hordle House School, Oundle School and St John's College, Cambridge. In 1939 he joined the Consular Service but in September 1940 he enlisted on the Scots Guards.   Rob was seriously wounded in 1945 in Italy.
Rob returned to the Foreign Office at the end of the war  becoming deputy head of the News Department for three years, he later became a Counseller in New Delhi and Warsaw. Between 1960 and 1962 he was the British Ambassador to the Central African Republic, Chad, Gabon and Congo.
In 1965 Rob was appointed Deputy Commissioner in Singapore, becoming the High Commissioner when Singapore became independent of Malaysia. He returned to the United Kingdom in 1969 due to ill health and acted as a part-time advisior to the Foreign Office Research Department.
The following is a list of people executed by the U.S. state of Texas between 1900 and 1909. During this period 71 people were executed by hanging.
The 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup Global Qualifier B was a cricket tournament that was played in July 2022 in Zimbabwe, as one of two global tournaments that together formed the final stage of the qualification process for the 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup. In April 2018, the International Cricket Council (ICC) granted full international status to Twenty20 men's matches played between member sides from 1 January 2019 onwards. Therefore, all the matches in the Global Qualifiers were played as Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is). Global Qualifier B was contested by eight teams that advanced from their Regional Finals, were eliminated in the first round of the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup, or were one of the highest ranked sides not already qualified to this stage. The eight teams were placed in two groups, with two sides from each group advancing to the semi-finals. The two teams that reached the final of the Global Qualifier advanced to the 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup in Australia.
The United States and Jersey announced that they would play a series of practice games against each other and Namibia in Windhoek before travelling to Zimbabwe. In June 2022, the ICC confirmed the full schedule for the Global Qualifier B tournament.
In Group A, United States and Zimbabwe both won their first two matches to secure their places in the semi-finals of the tournament. The Netherlands won their first two matches in Group B to also qualify for the semi-finals. Despite losing their final group match, Papua New Guinea became the fourth and final team to qualify for the semi-finals, due to a superior net run rate over Hong Kong. The Netherlands and Zimbabwe reached the final of the tournament to qualify for the 2022 ICC Men's T20 World Cup. Hosts Zimbabwe beat the Netherlands by 37 runs in the final to win the tournament.
Jamaican English, including Jamaican Standard English, is a variety of English native to Jamaica and is the official language of the country. A distinction exists between Jamaican English and Jamaican Patois (a creole language), though not entirely a sharp distinction so much as a gradual continuum between two extremes. Jamaican English tends to follow British English spelling conventions.
Nicolas Vincent (baptized Ignace-Nicolas; 11 April 1769 – 31 October 1844), known also as Tsaouenhohoui, meaning "one who plunges things into the water," or Tsawenhohi, meaning "he who sees clearly," was the Grand Chief of the Hurons of Lorette from 1811 to 1844. He was the last Huron chief to bear the name Tsaouenhohoui. In 2001, he was listed as a Person of National Historic Significance for having "elevated the position of Grand Chief to an unprecedented level of respectability".
Fredrik Wilhelm Bugge (7 July 1893 – 30 July 1972) was a Norwegian barrister and businessperson.
Botovo may refer to:

Botovo, Croatia, a settlement in Drnje Municipality of Koprivnica-Križevci County, Croatia
Botovo, Russia, name of several rural localities in Russia
New Zealand at the 1934 British Empire Games was represented by a small team of 12 competitors and one official. Team selection for the Games in London, England, was the responsibility of the New Zealand Olympic and British Empire Games Association. New Zealand's flagbearer at the opening ceremony was Jack Lovelock.
New Zealand has competed in every games, starting with the previous (and first) British Empire Games in 1930 at Hamilton, Ontario.
This is a list of television episodes of the Canadian series Canadian Pickers. The series is broadcast by that name on the Canadian History channel, and as Cash Cowboys in other countries.
Marquess of Bath is a title in the Peerage of Great Britain. It was created in 1789 for Thomas Thynne, 3rd Viscount Weymouth. The Marquess holds the subsidiary titles Baron Thynne, of Warminster in the County of Wiltshire, and Viscount Weymouth, both created in 1682 in the Peerage of England. He is also a baronet in the Baronetage of England.


BBC Radio 1 Live in Concert is a 1992 live album by Echo & the Bunnymen. It was recorded by the BBC during the band's concert at the Liverpool Empire Theatre on 11 January 1988 and broadcast on BBC Radio 1's In Concert programme.
USS Ford (FFG-54) was a Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate in service with the United States Navy from 1985 to 2013. She was sunk as a target in the Pacific Ocean near Guam in 2019.
In materials science, effective medium approximations (EMA) or effective medium theory (EMT) pertain to analytical or theoretical modeling that describes the macroscopic properties of composite materials. EMAs or EMTs are developed from averaging the multiple values of the constituents that directly make up the composite material. At the constituent level, the values of the materials vary and are inhomogeneous. Precise calculation of the many constituent values is nearly impossible. However, theories have been developed that can produce acceptable approximations which in turn describe useful parameters including the effective permittivity and permeability of the materials as a whole. In this sense, effective medium approximations are descriptions of a medium (composite material) based on the properties and the relative fractions of its components and are derived from calculations, and effective medium theory. There are two widely used formulae.
Effective permittivity and permeability are averaged dielectric and magnetic characteristics of a microinhomogeneous medium. They both were derived in quasi-static approximation when the electric field inside a mixture particle may be considered as homogeneous. So, these formulae can not describe the particle size effect. Many attempts were undertaken to improve these formulae.
Gopal Sharma (born 5 March 1959) is an Indian politician serving as a member of the 16th Rajasthan Assembly, he is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party, and represents the Civil Lines Assembly constituency from Jaipur district.
The Hause House project was one of the many un-built works designed by the architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1939.  This building structure was one of his Usonian designs that was a short-tailed rectangular plan to be located in Lansing, Michigan.  Although the structure was never built, it was developed into working drawings and was utilized in the creation of another Frank Lloyd Wright design for the Florida Southern College Faculty House.  The Hause House was a Usonian based on the design of wood board and batten exterior as many of them are, while the Florida Southern College Faculty House was a concrete structure.  Many similarities are seen on each floor plan with only minor changes due to the Hause projects site location.


Bank of Cairo, now known as Cairo Town Hall, is a historic bank building located at Cairo, Ritchie County, West Virginia. It was built in 1897, and is a 2+1⁄2-story brick structure with Romanesque and neoclassical details.  It features a unique corner entrance.  It housed a bank founded by Jacob Cattaui, the son of a wealthy Egyptian banker and cotton plantation owner in 1897. The bank was housed in the same building since its inception in 1897 to 1931 and from 1941 to 1974.  It now houses the Cairo Town Hall and serves as a stop on the North Bend Rail Trail.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Belomorets (Bulgarian: Беломорец) is a Bulgarian football club from the village of  Svetlen, Targovishte Province.
Antonio Gandusio (29 July 1875 – 23 May 1951) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 34 films between 1914 and 1948. He was born in Rovigno (today Rovinj, Croatia) and died in Milan, Italy.
Girolamo Borro (1512 – 26 August 1592) latinized as Hieronomyus Borrius  was an Italian philosopher and a professor at the University of Pisa. He belonged to a group of natural philosophers who rejected appeals to the supernatural and occult to explain phenomena. He is thought to have influenced Galileo and Borro's ideas were published in dialogue form in a book on tides Dialogo del flusso e reflusso del mare (1561). Another book by Borro was on moving bodies, De motu gravium et levium (1575). He also authored some manuscripts including Multae sunt nostrarum ignorationum causae.
Borro was born in Arezzo to Mariano and was educated at Padua. A patron of his was Cardinal Giovanni Salviati and after his death he held a chair in philosophy at Pisa with colleagues like Selvaggio Ghettini. Like several other Tuscan philosophers of the period including Andrea Cesalpino and Francesco Buonamici he rejected the use of theology to explain natural phenomena. He was brought into the heresy trial of Pietro Carnesecchi in 1567 and during the Roman inquisition of 1582 but was cleared by influence from Pope Gregory XIII. He taught philosophy at the University of Pisa during Galileo's student days. Two of the books that Borro wrote were in Galileo's library and may have influenced his writings, as there is an explicit citation to Borro's 1575 book. Borro himself drew his ideas from Greek and Arab thinkers and did not cite any theological writings. He claimed that God was only involved in conceiving and loving himself and not bothered by earthly or human matters. His explanation of the tides was based on the idea that the moon heated and caused an expansion of the water. He also emphasized the use of experiments in addition to experience as methods for gaining knowledge. He used the phrase "periculum facere" for his trials such as those that involved simultaneously dropping a piece of wood and an equal weight of lead from a height to examine which fell first. Borro died in Perugia.
Quaker City Mercantile is an independent advertising agency and distiller specializing in strategy, marketing, design, and branding for the alcohol industry. In addition to partnering with other brands, the company also owns its own distilleries and breweries. It was founded in 1989 by Steven Grasse in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Over the course of its history, Quaker City Mercantile has partnered with brands such as Guinness, Miller, Narragansett Brewing Company, M&M/Mars, R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Sailor Jerry and Puma.
Edwin Ardener (1927–1987) was a British social anthropologist and academic. He was also noted for his contributions to the study of history. Within anthropology, some of his most important contributions were to the study of gender, as in his 1975 work in which he described women as "muted" in social discourse.
A graduate of the LSE, Ardener took up an Oxford lectureship in social anthropology at the invitation of E. E. Evans-Pritchard. His ethnographic research concentrated on Africa, particularly on Cameroon. His history of the Bakweri of Cameroon in the nineteenth century is regarded as definitive. In his works about Cameroon, he also wrote about a form of witchcraft in Cameroon known as Nyongo.
One of his best-known contributions to anthropology came in the 1975 article " 'The Problem' revisited", in Perceiving Women, a volume edited by his wife and fellow anthropologist Shirley Ardener. In this essay he advanced the theory that women have been a muted group, comparatively unheard in social discourse, whose relative silence might also be seen as a function of the dominant group's deafness to them. He identified a problematic tendency in anthropological methodology to talk only to men and about women, thereby ignoring at least half the sample of people they were supposed to be observing. Ardener diagnosed the problem as a result of the fact that ethnographic methods were both devised and verified by male anthropologists, who did not realise what they were overlooking.
Okreek is an unincorporated community in Todd County, South Dakota, United States. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 190. The town is wholly within the jurisdiction of the Rosebud Indian Reservation, and the populace is almost entirely Sioux-American. Okreek consists primarily of two long blocks of inhabited tract housing, and has about 30 private telephone subscribers within town limits.  There is also an elementary school and a Post Office which has been assigned the ZIP Code of 57563.
The name Okreek is a corruption of Oak Creek, a stream near the town site.
The Sri Lankan elephant (Elephas maximus maximus) is native to Sri Lanka and one of three recognised subspecies of the Asian elephant. It is the type subspecies of the Asian elephant and was first described by Carl Linnaeus under the binomial Elephas maximus in 1758.
The Sri Lankan elephant population is now largely restricted to the dry zone in the north, east and southeast of Sri Lanka. Elephants are present in Udawalawe National Park, Yala National Park, Lunugamvehera National Park, Wilpattu National Park and Minneriya National Park but also live outside protected areas. It is estimated that Sri Lanka has the highest density of elephants in Asia. Human-elephant conflict is increasing due to conversion of elephant habitat to settlements and permanent cultivation.


Potheridge (alias Great Potheridge, Poderigge, Poderidge or Powdrich) is a former Domesday Book estate in the parish of Merton, in the historic hundred of Shebbear, 3 miles south-east of Great Torrington, Devon, England. It is the site of a former grand mansion house re-built by George Monck, 1st Duke of Albemarle (1608–1670) circa 1660 on the site of the former manor house occupied by his family since at the latest 1287. It was mostly demolished in 1734 after the death of the widow of his son Christopher Monck, 2nd Duke of Albemarle (died 1688).
The surviving section forms the present Great Potheridge farmhouse, a Grade I listed building, inside which some remnants of the former mansion remain, including a grand staircase, two massive 17th-century classical-style doorcases and a colossal  relief-sculpted wooden overmantel. The latter depicts within a wreath of flowers, against a background of an elaborate antique trophy of arms, five putti, two of which, in flight, hold between them a crown, an allusion to Monck's central role in the Restoration of the Monarchy. The  chapel "of Grecian architecture", i.e. classical, was in ruins in 1770 and was almost entirely demolished before 1822, with only the west wall left standing. In 1879, the stables were still standing and were said to "give the visitor some idea of the magnificence of the ancient building".
In 2014 Great Potheridge, with 6 acres of land remaining of the former estate, is used as an outdoor activity centre for young people, operated by Encompass Training. It is today known as "Great Potheridge" to distinguish it from the nearby house, formerly on the estate, known as "Little Potheridge".
A petal is one member (or part) of the corolla of a flower.
Petal, Petals, or variants may also refer to:
КаriZма (Bulgarian: КариZма) was a Bulgarian pop duo, whose members were Galina "Galya" Kurdova and Miroslav "Miro" Kostadinov.
Empicoris winnemana is a species of thread-legged bug in the family Reduviidae. It is found in North America.
Michael Conner, publishing as Mike Conner from c. 1980, is an American science fiction writer.  He won the 1991 Nebula Award for the novelette "Guide Dog". 
He is from Oakland, California.
Notre-Dame-de-Sanilhac (French pronunciation: [nɔtʁə dam də sanijak]; Occitan: Nòstra Dama de Sanilhac) is a former commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Sanilhac.


Mohammad Khodabandelou (Persian: محمد خدابنده‌لو; born 7 September 1999) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Persian Gulf Pro League club Persepolis.
Goniaea ensicornis is a species of grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
Thomas Crew, 2nd Baron Crew (1624 – 30 November 1697) of Steane, Northamptonshire was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons  at various times between 1654 and 1679, when he inherited the peerage Baron Crew.
Jean Risbec (1895-1964) was a French zoologist who specialised in studying the insects and Molluscs of New Caledonia, as well as being a taxonomist of the parasitic Hymenoptera.
Preston Candover Long Barrow is an unchambered long barrow located near to the village of Preston Candover in the south-eastern English county of Hampshire.
The archaeologist Ian Kinnes classed the Preston Candover example alongside the Badshot Lea Long Barrow in Surrey as the two known examples located on the North Downs.
4. Decembar Nikšić (English: December 4th) is an intercity bus company based in Nikšić, Montenegro. With a fleet of coach buses, the company operates intercity routes to various destinations in Montenegro as well as in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia. It was named after the date in 1943 when Josip Broz Tito and the Yugoslav Partisans declared government-in-exile during the occupation of Yugoslavia in World War II. Along with Glušica Nikšić, the carrier is one of the main intercity bus companies serving the Nikšić municipality.
Alejandro Javiero Fuentes (born 5 November 1987 in Chile) is a Norwegian singer. He rose to prominence after finishing third in Norwegian Idol's third season in 2005. Later in 2005, he released the album Diamonds and Pearls, which reached gold by the end of the year.
In 2006, he and three other Norwegian artists, Askil Holm, Espen Lind, and Kurt Nilsen (winner of Norwegian Idol season 1 and World Idol), all under the same management, joined forces and went on tour in March as what was known by the media as "The New Guitar Buddies" (De nye gitarkameratene). Making a first album "Hallelujah Vol.1". The album included covers of some musics such as: Hallelujah (Leonard Cohen); Kiss From A Rose (Seal), I Won't Back Down (Tom Petty).
Later he and "The New Guitar Buddies" regrouped in 2009 and made a second tour and a second album (Hallelujah Vol.2). This album includes musics such as: With Or Without You (U2), 50 Ways To Leave Your Lover.
In 2010, his song "Hell If I" reached 1st in the Norwegian TOPS and in 2012 his last album All My Life was released.
He competed in Melodi Grand Prix 2018 in an attempt to represent Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "Tengo Otra".
In May 2020, he collaborated with The Booty Builder Company to release a new single, titled Booty.
He is set to compete in Melodi Grand Prix 2023 with the song "Fuego".
Benedetto Brin was a Regina Margherita-class pre-dreadnought battleship built for the Italian Regia Marina between 1899 and 1905. The ship was armed with a main battery of four 12-inch (300 mm) guns and was capable of a top speed of 20 knots (37 km/h; 23 mph). Benedetto Brin saw combat in the Italo-Turkish War of 1911–1912, including the bombardment of Tripoli in October 1911. She was destroyed by an internal explosion during World War I in September 1915, which killed over 450 of the ship's crew.
The Reform Banquet is a history painting by the English artist Benjamin Robert Haydon. Completed and first exhibited in 1834 it represents a scene on 11 July 1832 when supporters of the recent Reform Act including the Prime Minister Earl Grey and other government ministers met for a celebratory dinner at the Guildhall in the City of London. Comparisons have been drawn between this work and George Hayter's The House of Commons, 1833 which were both large-scale depictions related to the recent Reform Act.
Athletics at the 2014 South American Games took place between March 13–16, 2014.  The event was held at the Estadio Nacional Julio Martínez Prádanos in Santiago, Chile.  A total of 44 events were contested, 22 by men and 22 by women.  Detailed reports were given by Eduardo Biscayart for the IAAF.  A total of 29 games records (GR), (at least) 7 national records (NR), and 11 world leading marks (best mark worldwide in the current season, WL) were set.
The 2014 athletics competition marked the return of senior athletes to the competition, removing the age limits that had been introduced in 2002 (under-20s) and continued at the 2006 and 2010 games (under-23s). This coincided with increased attendance levels, including many of the region's top level athletes. This raised the calibre of the competition to an elite South American event, which paralleled the status of other continental multi-sport events, such as the Asian Games and All-Africa Games.
Men's discus thrower Rodolfo Casanova of Uruguay gave the sole positive doping test in the athletics events and he was banned for two years.
Alpha Centauri is the second studio album by German electronic music group Tangerine Dream. It was released in March 1971 by record label Ohr.


Callipielus fumosa is a species of moth of the family Hepialidae. It is known from Chile.
Pol Arias Dourdet (born 8 August 1996) is an Andorran swimmer. He competed in the men's 400 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
In physics, the Draper point is the approximate temperature above which almost all solid materials visibly glow as a result of black-body radiation. It was established at 977 °F (525 °C, 798 K) by John William Draper in 1847.
Bodies at temperatures just below the Draper point radiate primarily in the infrared range and emit negligible visible light.  The value of the Draper point can be calculated using Wien's displacement law: the peak frequency 
  
    
      
        
          ν
          
            peak
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \nu _{\text{peak}}}
  
 (in hertz) emitted by a blackbody relates to temperature as follows:

  
    
      
        
          ν
          
            peak
          
        
        =
        2.821
        
          
            
              k
              T
            
            h
          
        
        ,
      
    
    {\displaystyle \nu _{\text{peak}}=2.821{\frac {kT}{h}},}
  

where

k is the Boltzmann constant,
h is the Planck constant,
T is temperature (in kelvins).
Substituting the Draper point into this equation produces a frequency of 83 THz, or a wavelength of 3.6 μm, which is well into the infrared and completely invisible to the human eye. However, the leading edge of the blackbody radiation curve extends, at a small fraction of peak intensity, to the near-infrared and far-red (approximately the range 0.7–1 μm), which are weakly visible as a dull red.
According to the Stefan–Boltzmann law, a black body at the Draper point emits 23 kW of radiation per square metre, almost exclusively infrared.
Narayan Shripad Rajhans, popularly known as Bal Gandharva, (26 June 1888 – 15 July 1967) was a famous Marathi singer and stage actor. He was known for his roles as female characters in Marathi plays, since women were not allowed to act on stage during his time.
Bal Gandharva got his name after a singing performance in Pune. Lokmanya Tilak, a social reformer and a freedom fighter of the Indian independence movement was in the audience, and after the performance, reportedly patted Rajhans on the back and said that Narayan was a "Bal Gandharva" (lit. Young Gandharva).


Korey Bryan Lee (born July 25, 1998) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has previously played in MLB for the Houston Astros.
From Vista, California, Lee attended University of California, Berkeley, where he played college baseball for the Golden Bears. He was selected by the Astros in the first round of the 2019 MLB draft, and made his MLB debut in 2022.
The Utah Utes football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Utah Utes football program in various categories, including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Utes represent the University of Utah in the NCAA Division I FBS Big 12 Conference.
Although Utah began competing in intercollegiate football in 1892, the school's official record book does not generally have entries from before the 1960s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent.
These lists are dominated by more recent players for several reasons:

Since the 1960s, seasons have increased from 10 games to 11 and then 12 games in length.
The NCAA didn't allow freshmen to play varsity football until 1972 (with the exception of the World War II years), allowing players to have four-year careers.
Bowl games only began counting toward single-season and career statistics in 2002. The Utes have played in 15 bowl games since then, giving many recent players an extra game to accumulate statistics.
Utah's former home of the Pac-12 Conference held a championship game during the Utes' entire tenure in that conference from 2011 to 2023. Utah played in the championship game four times (2018, 2019, 2021, 2022), giving players in those seasons yet another game to accumulate statistics. With the Big 12 also holding its own championship game, Utah will have the opportunity for another game should it qualify for the championship game in a given season.
Due to COVID-19 issues, the NCAA ruled that the 2020 season would not count against any football player's athletic eligibility, giving all who played in that season the opportunity for five years of eligibility instead of the normal four.
These lists are updated through Week 1 of the 2024 season. Players active in the 2024 season are in bold.
Zvi (Zwi) Hirsch Kalischer (24 March 1795 – 16 October 1874) was an Orthodox German rabbi who expressed views, from a religious perspective, in favour of the Jewish re-settlement of the Land of Israel, which predate Theodor Herzl and the Zionist movement. He was the grandfather of Salomon Kalischer.
Hospental Castle or Langobarden Tower is a ruined medieval castle in the municipality of Hospental in the canton of Uri in Switzerland.  It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Standard Form 86 (SF 86) is a U.S. government questionnaire that individuals complete in order for the government to collect information for "conducting background investigations, reinvestigations, and continuous evaluations of persons under consideration for, or retention of, national security positions." SF 86 is distinguished from SF 85, which is used for public trust or lower-risk positions. The form is required to be completed by military personnel, government contractors, and government employees in order to receive a requisite security clearance. Information demanded in the form include any colleges or universities attended over the past three years, an account of the last ten years of the individual's employment, ties to foreign nationals and governments, overseas travel, a list of past residences, etc.
An online interface for completing the SF-86 is e-QIP, or the Electronic Questionnaires for Investigations Processing.
The POWER3 is a microprocessor, designed and exclusively manufactured by IBM, that implemented the 64-bit version of the PowerPC instruction set architecture (ISA), including all of the optional instructions of the ISA (at the time) such as instructions present in the POWER2 version of the POWER ISA but not in the PowerPC ISA. It was introduced on 5 October 1998, debuting in the RS/6000 43P Model 260, a high-end graphics workstation. The POWER3 was originally supposed to be called the PowerPC 630 but was renamed, probably to differentiate the server-oriented POWER processors it replaced from the more consumer-oriented 32-bit PowerPCs. The POWER3 was the successor of the P2SC derivative of the POWER2 and completed IBM's long-delayed transition from POWER to PowerPC, which was originally scheduled to conclude in 1995. The POWER3 was used in IBM RS/6000 servers and workstations at 200 MHz. It competed with the Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) Alpha 21264 and the Hewlett-Packard (HP) PA-8500.
Major-General Herbert Edward Stacy Abbott (19 November 1814 – 1883) was an officer in the armies of the East India Company and British Crown in India, under colonial rule.
C. Crane is an American electronics retailer based in Fortuna, California. The company mainly deals in specialty radio and lighting equipment and is best known for its GeoBulb line of LED light bulbs.
James Angelo "Angie" Aparo is an American musician and songwriter from Atlanta, Georgia.
Aparo began playing in a group called Angie's Hope in the early 1990s before making the decision to go solo. After making that decision, Aparo chose to go out on the road touring with his acoustic guitar in the Southeast. In 1996, he released his first album, Out of the Everywhere, recorded at David Briggs Studio in Nashville, Tennessee with Jim Stabile as engineer. 
In 1999, with Matt Serletic, Aparo released his second studio album The American.  His single, "Spaceship," was released in 2000 and became one of his biggest hits. The American also includes his original version of the song "Cry", made popular by Faith Hill and featured on her album of the same name. Faith Hill's husband Tim McGraw also covered "Free Man" from The American. 
Following record label issues, Aparo released the independent album Weapon of Mass Construction (2001) (Later re-released under the title One With the Sun), a CD of cover songs taken from varying artists from Beastie Boys to Neil Young and Elton John, as well as two previously unreleased originals. In his own words, "It was fun, and I got it out of my system."
In 2003, he released another album, For Stars and Moon, again independently.
Aparo put together backing band The Infidels and toured the Southeast while recording a 2006's EP "El Primero Del Tres" with producer Dann Huff. The Infidels consists of Derek Murphy (The American, 9Live, One With the Sun, For Stars and Moon, Praise Be), Mark Dannells, Martin Lesch (For Stars and Moon), and Shannon Woods. Aparo also released the album Praise Be that year.
In 2009, Aparo contributed the song "Junkyard" with the Zac Brown Band on their album Pass The Jar – Zac Brown Band And Friends From The Fabulous Fox Theatre in Atlanta (Live).
In April 2016, Aparo suffered torn carotid artery, which caused a stroke that initially immobilized him and rendered him unable to speak or remember his songs.  
In February 2018 he released the album "Life Is a Flower, Life Is a Gun."
Date Narimune (伊達斉宗, 15 October 1796 – 15 July 1819) was a mid-Edo period Japanese samurai, and the 10th daimyō of Sendai Domain in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan, and the 26th hereditary chieftain of the Date clan.
Sonics in the Soul is the tenth studio album by English punk rock band Buzzcocks, released on 23 September 2022 by Cherry Red Records. It is their first studio album since 2014's The Way and their first album without founding member Pete Shelley, who died in 2018.
Classical Cepheids are a type of Cepheid variable star. They are young, population I variable stars that exhibit regular radial pulsations with periods of a few days to a few weeks and visual amplitudes ranging from a few tenths of a magnitude up to about 2 magnitudes. Classical Cepheids are also known as Population I Cepheids, Type I Cepheids, and Delta Cepheid variables.
There exists a well-defined relationship between a classical Cepheid variable's luminosity and pulsation period, securing Cepheids as viable standard candles for establishing the galactic and extragalactic distance scales. Hubble Space Telescope (HST) observations of classical Cepheid variables have enabled firmer constraints on Hubble's law, which describes the expansion rate of the observable Universe. Classical Cepheids have also been used to clarify many characteristics of our galaxy, such as the local spiral arm structure and the Sun's distance from the galactic plane.
Around 800 classical Cepheids are known in the Milky Way galaxy, out of an expected total of over 6,000.  Several thousand more are known in the Magellanic Clouds, with more discovered in other galaxies; the Hubble Space Telescope has identified some in NGC 4603, which is 100 million light years distant.


King Persian (14 June 1981 – after 1999) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. As a two-year-old in 1983 he won a minor race on his debut and then recorded his biggest win in the Group 1 Phoenix Stakes. He was unplaced in his only other start that season and made little impact in three subsequent races over the next two years. After his retirement he had some success as a sire of National Hunt horses.
Leonhard Mahlein (4 April 1921 – 18 December 1985), known as Loni Mahlein, was a German trade union leader.
Born in Nuremberg, Mahlein's father was a member of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) who was arrested by the Nazis in 1935 and sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison.  Leonhard undertook an apprenticeship in printing, but was forced to leave his initial placement due to his own anti-Nazi views.  He was eventually able to complete his apprenticeship, and joined the Printing and Paper Union, becoming leader of its youth section in Nuremberg, and also chaired his local works council.
From 1951 until 1956, Mahlein worked as a teacher of printing.  He was a supporter of the KPD until 1952, but in 1956, he joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany, and was also elected as the deputy chair of the Printing and Paper Union in Bavaria.  From 1965, he worked full-time for the union as the chair of its Bavaria district.
In 1968, Mahlein was elected as national president of the Printing and Paper Union, the senior role in the union.  He was also elected to the executive of the International Graphical Federation (IGF), and was its president from 1976.  His leadership of the union was marked by industrial action in 1973, 1976 and 1978, concerning pay, conditions, and computerisation.  He was able to expand membership of the union by accepting journalists and writers into membership.
In 1983, Mahlein unexpectedly decided not to re-stand for the union leadership.  Instead, he became joint editor of Nachrichten zur Wirtschafts- und Sozialpolitik, a monthly magazine linked with the KPD, until his death in 1985.
Donald Davidson (19 September 1904 – 17 July 1985) was a South African cricketer. He played in ten first-class matches from 1924/25 to 1936/37.


The Brabançons or Brabanters (Latin: Brabantiones) were routiers (mercenary troops) originally from the Duchy of Brabant active between 1166 and 1214.
Qazi Syed Mohammad Zaman (died c. 1170 AH / 1756 AD) was a judge edicted in accordance with the laws of sharia from Sakras, now in District Mewat, Haryana.
Anna Stein (born 21 October 1949) is a German gymnast. She competed in six events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Roxane Bruneau (born January 14, 1991) is a Canadian pop singer and songwriter from Delson, Quebec. She is most noted as the winner of the Felix Award for Female Artist of the Year at the 43rd Félix Awards in 2021.
She released her debut album Dysphorie in 2017. At the 40th Félix Awards in 2018, she was nominated for Pop Album of the Year and Revelation of the Year. At the 41st Félix Awards in 2019, she won Song of the Year for her single "Des p'tits bouts de toi", and at the 42nd Félix Awards in 2020, she was a Song of the Year nominee for "Aime-moi encore".
Dysphorie was certified gold in November 2019.
Her second album, Acrophobie, was released in 2020. The album debuted at No. 6 on the Canadian Albums Chart. By March 2021, Bruneau had sold 100,000 records, and Acrophobie was certified gold in November 2021.
In addition to Female Artist of the Year, Bruneau also won the Félix Awards for Song of the Year for "À ma manière", Pop Album of the Year and Bestselling Album of the Year in 2021. In the same year, she was one of the regular panellists alongside Rita Baga on Qui sait chanter?, the Quebec adaptation of I Can See Your Voice.
An out lesbian, Bruneau became engaged to Caroline Lefort in 2019. In an October 2021 episode of Ici Radio-Canada Télé's variety series En direct de l'univers, Lefort, who is not a professional singer, serenaded Bruneau with a cover of Vincent Vallières's song "On va s'aimer encore".
Acrophobie was a Juno Award nominee for Francophone Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2022.
Bruneau was featured as a Comeback Stage coach on La Deuxième Voix on La Voix in 2023. In 2024, she became a coach on the regular version of La Voix.


Tobias Pachonik (born 4 January 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Eerste Divisie club Helmond Sport.
Chenalu (Persian: چنالو, also Romanized as Chenālū) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
Frank William Morter (14 August 1897 – 20 December 1958) was an English cricketer. Morter was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium-fast. He was born at Downe, Kent.
Morter made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Yorkshire at the Fartown Ground, Huddersefield, in the 1922 County Championship. He made two further first-class appearances for the county in that same season, against Kent at Edgbaston, and Leicestershire at Aylestone Road, Leicester. In his three first-class appearances for the county, he took a total of 3 wickets at an average of 46.00, with best figures of 2/5. With the bat, he scored 13 runs at a batting average of 4.33, with a high score of 8.
He died at Birmingham, Warwickshire, on 20 December 1958.
Menneville (French pronunciation: [mɛnvil]; Picard: Manneville) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
St. Andrew's-Wesley United Church is an affirming church located in the downtown core of the city of Vancouver. Part of the United Church of Canada, it welcomed its first congregation in 1933. Renowned for its architecture and art, the church underwent a major restoration beginning in 2019. It holds three services every week, including the long-standing jazz vespers.
John Kean (June 4, 1820 – May 31, 1892) was an Irish-Canadian businessman and political figure. He represented Simcoe East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative from 1875 to 1879.
He was born in Bushmills, County Antrim, Ireland in 1820 and, in 1832, came to Halton County in Upper Canada, where his parents had settled in 1824. He settled at Brantford, where he worked as a millwright, building sawmills and gristmills in the region. In 1850, he married Mary Jordan and the couple moved to Orillia in 1852. Kean served as reeve for the townships of Orillia and Matchedash from 1862 to 1869 and was warden of Simcoe County in 1868. In 1869, with partners, he built a large sawmill at the outlet of the Hogg River at Victoria Harbour.
In 1880, he was sent by the Canadian government to the Fort Macleod area of the North-West Territories (NWT), where he built a number of sawmills, including one on Pincher Creek. He later worked for the Canadian Pacific Railway. In 1883, Kean settled at Lethbridge, NWT, where he built a lumber mill and operated a number of businesses. He died there in 1892.
The International University Cheick Modibo Diarra is a private university in West Africa located in Conakry.
The university is named in honor of Cheick Modibo Diarra, a Malian astrophysicist and statesman.
Rick Leed (January 9, 1955 – August 31, 2017) was an American television and film producer best known as the creator and executive producer of Dr. 90210 series, which premiered in 2004 and ran for six seasons on E!. He also served as executive producer on feature films Where the Heart Is and Company Man.
While he served as president of Wind Dancer, the production house produced the sitcom Home Improvement and romantic comedy film What Women Want. Leed was also instrumental in the launch of  Comedy Central's television series Mystery Science Theater 3000 for which he was credited with a special thanks. As an agent, Leed represented several creative talents, including Aaron Sorkin, Rowan Atkinson and Ian McKellen.
Leed died on August 31, 2017. He left a partner and two children.
Plays Live is the first live and fifth album overall by English rock musician Peter Gabriel. It was originally issued as a double album and long-play cassette in 1983, with sixteen songs. It was re-released in 1985, as a single CD called Plays Live (Highlights) with only twelve songs, some of which are edited so the album fits on a single disc. It was rereleased in its entirety as a double CD set in 1987. In 2002, a remaster of the Highlights version was issued. In 2019, the complete double-LP version was released on streaming platforms for the first time.
In 2021 the original 2CD version was released in remastered form. The sound recordings copyright (p) date featured on the back of the package suggests this had actually been remastered at the same time as the rest of Gabriel's back catalogue in 2002.
Armando Gallo took the cover photograph. "I was always listening to the music when I photographed a concert," he said. "Somehow my index finger pressed the clicker in time with the lights and the percussion - the heart of the music. I always felt grateful that I could shoot Peter’s entire shows. Once I asked Peter if he didn’t mind me being in the pit photographing his every move. 'No, I love to see a friendly face,' he answered. Making me feel good about it."


Rune Nordengen (born 12 May 1974) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder.
He represented Norway U19 and U20 in 1992 and 1993, being a squad member for the 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Hailing from Gjerdrum and Gjerdrum IL, he went to Lillestrøm SK while a youth player. He was drafted into the first-team squad in 1993, but only recorded a single league game, in 1994. In 1995 he was loaned out to Åndalsnes IF. In 1996 and 1997 he played for Lyn without establishing himself in the starting eleven. He then retired from professional football, featuring for Gjerdrum IL lowly in the league pyramid.
The Ban'ei Kinen (ばんえい記念) is a Grade 1 Ban'ei horse race, held in Obihiro, Hokkaido, Japan for four-year-olds and up. The full name is Nōrin Suisan Daijin Shōten Ban'ei Kinen (農林水産大臣賞典 ばんえい記念) (Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Award, Ban'ei Kinen).
The race is the championship race held in the end of the season (March) with the highest weight and prize money among all ban'ei races .
Atrichopogon levis is a species of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae.
Christian Petzold (1677 – 1733) was a German composer and organist. He was active primarily in Dresden, and achieved a high reputation during his lifetime, but his surviving works are few. It was established in the 1970s that the famous Minuet in G major, previously attributed to Johann Sebastian Bach, was in fact the work of Petzold. The sprightly melody was used in the 1965 pop music hit "A Lover's Concerto" by the American group The Toys.
Chelsea Old Church, also known as All Saints, is an Anglican church, on Old Church Street, Chelsea, London SW3, England, near Albert Bridge. It is the church for a parish in the Diocese of London, part of the Church of England. Inside the Grade I listed building, there is seating for 400 people. There is a memorial plaque to the author Henry James (1843–1916) who lived nearby on Cheyne Walk, and was buried in Cambridge, Massachusetts. To the west of the church is a small public garden containing a sculpture by Sir Jacob Epstein.
Delonix elata is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae. Common names in English include white gul mohur, creamy peacock flower and yellow gul mohur.
Bruce Frederick Edward Jenks OBE served as director of the Bureau for Resources and Strategic Partnerships of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) 1995 to 2009/2010.
Jenks holds a Ph.D. in International Relations from Oxford University and Master of Arts degrees from Cambridge University (United Kingdom) and Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, Washington, DC.
In 1981, Jenks joined UNDP and was assigned to a variety tasks. He was appointed director of budget in 1990 and as director of Office of the Administrator in 1993. He was appointed by the UN Secretary-General as the first director of the United Nations Office and UNDP Representative in Brussels in 1995.
Jenks was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to the UNDP.
Jenks has been an adjunct professor at the Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs since 2010.  He is also a visiting professor at the University of Geneva's International Organization MBA program. He is a fellow at the Center for International Cooperation (CIC) at NYU and has been a senior non-resident fellow at the Corporate Social Responsibility Initiative of the Harvard University Kennedy School of Government (2010–13).
In 2013 Jenks was appointed by the Secretary-General to be a member of the Council of the University for Peace. The Council elected him as Vice-President.
In 1985, he married Nancy Piper Jenks, a renowned specialist in international travel medicine and board member of the International Society of Travel Medicine. Speaking over five languages, she lecturers around the world on topics that include narrative medicine.
Jenks is the father of filmmaker Andrew Jenks.
Michael Rowan Hamilton John O'Regan OBE (born c. 1947) is a British businessman and the co-founder of RM plc.
O'Regan graduated with an economics degree from Cambridge University.
In 1973, with Mike Fischer (who had a physics degree from Oxford), O'Regan co-founded Research Machines, a British microcomputer and then software company for the educational market. He was an executive director until 1992, when he became a non-executive director. He has been a non-executive director of a number of other companies as well, including the Oxford Technology Venture Capital Trusts.
O'Regan was awarded an honorary degree by Oxford Brookes University in 1999. With RM co-founder, Mike Fischer O'Regan was awarded an honorary degree by the Open University in 2002.
O'Regan was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2000 Birthday Honours, for services to Education, Training and Economic Development in South East England. He was a governor of Oxford Brookes University and of The Oxford Academy Trust, and a Deputy Lieutenant of Oxfordshire from 2003 until 2014 when he and his wife Jane moved to Wiltshire.
O'Regan is the founder and Chair of Hamilton Trust which ran Maths Year 2000 for the British government, and co-founded early years charity Peeple.


Jeferson Silva dos Santos (born 28 May 1992), commonly known as Jeferson Bahia, is a Brazilian football player who plays as a centre-back for Iraq Stars League club Al-Karma.
Eiichi Nakamura may refer to:

Eiichi Nakamura (field hockey) (中村 英一, 1909–1945), Japanese field hockey player
Eiichi Nakamura (politician) (born 1930), Japanese politician
Eiichi Nakamura (chemist) (中村 栄一, born 1951), Japanese chemist
Mates by Irvine Sellars was a British fashion retail chain founded by Irvine Sellar.
Mates started with one shop is Soho's Carnaby Street and grew to become "Britain’s second-biggest fashion chain" with 90 shops in 1981, when it was sold to a South African investor.
Sellar claimed that Mates was the first retail chain to sell men's and women's clothing under the same roof, and that they had 3,000 employees.


The Popes are a band originally formed by Shane MacGowan (of the Pogues) and Paul "Mad Dog" McGuinness, who play a blend of rock, Irish folk and Americana.
Shane MacGowan and The Popes released two studio and one live album in the 1990s, performing live together until 2005. During this era, The Popes also recorded and gigged on their own until 2006.  At the end of 2006, guitarist Paul "Mad Dog" McGuinness reformed the band with a new lineup and leads it to this day.


This is a list of airlines currently operating in Niger:
Guilty Guilty Guilty is a live performance album by avant-garde musician Diamanda Galás, released on 1 April 2008 by Mute Records.
Battery "H" 4th Regiment of Artillery was a light artillery battery  that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The United Cyprus Party (Turkish: Birleşik Kıbrıs Partisi, BKP) is a left-wing, socialist party in Northern Cyprus. The party was founded in 2003 by İzzet İzcan. It supports the idea of a free, demilitarised and united Cyprus. In the 2009 elections, the BKP won 34,239 votes (2.42%) and no seats. In the 2013 elections it won 39,127 votes (3.15%) and no seats.
Beaudouin is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Patrick Beaudouin (born 1953), French politician
Michel Beaudouin-Lafon (born 1961), French computer scientist
Sophie Beaudouin-Hubière (born 1972), French politician
Jane Velez-Mitchell was a current affairs gossip TV show on HLN hosted by Jane Velez-Mitchell. It aired weeknights at 7 pm ET. It debuted as Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell in October 2008 before rebranding as simply Jane Velez Mitchell in February 2012. Velez-Mitchell previously worked for HLN's Nancy Grace as producer and fill-in host, and continued to function in the fill-in capacity until her departure in late 2014.
The show is known for its strong opinions on what it reports.  According to the show's website, the program "stands up for the less fortunate and demands justice for all."  The show spotlit many issues, such as homicides, celebrity controversies, political controversies, cold cases, and other "hot topics."  The show normally had a panel of five or six guests, along with Velez-Mitchell.
In 2010, Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for "Outstanding TV Journalism Segment" for the segment "Gay Teen Mutilated" during the 21st GLAAD Media Awards.
The show was retitled as simply Jane Velez-Mitchell in February 2012, with Velez-Mitchell jokingly explaining that the change was due to her having gotten over her "issues".
Velez-Mitchell was also a substitute host on HLN's Showbiz Tonight.
On October 14, 2014, the program was unexpectedly canceled by CNN as part of continuing budget cuts across the entire organization under the "Turner 2020" reorganization initiative, with the day before's program being the last to air. As with nearly all of the program removals over the last year on HLN, Forensic Files repeats are expected to fill the timeslot.
William Sutherland Macdonald  (30 May 1897 – 21 December 1990) was a British soldier, doctor and the first Principal Medical Officer at the Department of Health at the advent of the National Health Service.
Hala El Badry (born 1954 in Cairo), a graduate of Cairo University, is an Egyptian journalist and novelist. She is deputy editor of an Egyptian radio and television magazine.
Muntaha, a novel published in 1995, is set in the fictional village of Muntaha in the Nile Delta. Imra'atun ma (A Certain Woman), Hala El Badry's fourth book, was named best novel of 2001 at the Cairo International Book Fair.
Rabbi David Stav  (Hebrew: דוד סתיו, born 13 May 1960) is the chief rabbi of the city of Shoham, the 
chairman of the Tzohar organization, and serves as a rabbi for the Ezra youth movement.
The following is a list of Oricon number-one singles of 2016.
Wilton Gomes (born 30 October 1980) is a retired Indian professional footballer who last played for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I-League as a midfielder.
Aleksandar Stojanovski (born 23 January 1979) is a Macedonian alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Mehdiabad-e Kalak Shuran (Persian: مهدي ابادكالك شوران, also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Kālaḵ Shūrān; also known as Mehdīābād) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 94, in 23 families.
Hugh Green (c. 1584 – 19 August 1642 in Dorchester) was an English Catholic priest who was beatified by the Catholic Church in 1929. He was also known as Ferdinand Brooks or Ferdinand Brown.
Motorola S-record is a file format, created by Motorola in the mid-1970s, that conveys binary information as hex values in ASCII text form.  This file format may also be known as SRECORD, SREC, S19, S28, S37.  It is commonly used for programming flash memory in microcontrollers, EPROMs, EEPROMs, and other types of programmable logic devices. In a typical application, a compiler or assembler converts a program's source code (such as C or assembly language) to machine code and outputs it into a HEX file. The HEX file is then imported by a programmer to "burn" the machine code into non-volatile memory, or is transferred to the target system for loading and execution.


Joseph C. Paradi is a senior professor of chemical engineering at the University of Toronto. Paradi is the founder and executive director of the Centre for Management of Technology and Entrepreneurship. He is also a chair holder in Information Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering and Applied Chemistry.
Paradi is the founder of Parcorp Ltd., a company that invests and facilitates the growth of small Canadian high-tech companies.
The Olmsted-Hixon-Albion Block is a historic commercial block at 1645-1659 Main Street in the north end of downtown Springfield, Massachusetts.  The building is actually three separate 19th-century buildings that were conjoined by internal connections in 1929, making a good example of adaptive reuse of commercial architecture in the city.  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The Edmeston Local is a defunct newspaper from Edmeston, New York that was printed between 1882 and 1943.
In 1882, the first newspaper in the region was established by Mr. Elba S. Talbot, together with his brother Clarence, as a weekly named Wharton Valley Echo (OCLC 24048184), published from Burlington Flats every Saturday. On April 12, 1884, the publishers announced that the paper had been moved to Edmeston. It went on to be renamed The Edmeston Echo sometime around 1885 (OCLC 24486273) and in 1888 it assumed the name Edmeston Local.
During the 1940s, the paper left Edmeston to be published in Gilbertsville, resulting in its demise and in 1943 the publisher sold it to the New Berlin Gazette.
"Nothing Really Matters" is a song by English singer-songwriter Gabrielle Aplin, released on 27 March 2019 through Never Fade Records and AWAL. It serves as the second single from Aplin's upcoming third studio album, Dear Happy (2020). It was written by Aplin with Olivia Sebastianelli and Tommy Baxter, and produced by Baxter with Lostboy.
As of 2023 Only 2 canals Niasarm and Farshadi remain in the city of Isfahan.
There was an old network of hand dug water channels in the city of Isfahan guiding the river's  water.
Iranian government has effectively cut off Zayande Rud (Zayendeh River) which is the lifeline of canals. In 2023 some water was for the first time allocated by the government through pumping in order to preserve the madis. The government may deliver water by tank.
Total of 308683  meters (310 kilometers) is length of canals in the central city of Isfahan
Miss Earth Australia is a national beauty pageant that selects Australia's representative to the Miss Earth pageant.
Little Milton (1934–2005) was an American R&B/blues singer and guitarist.
Little Milton may also refer to:

Little Milton, Oxfordshire, a village in England
Little Milton, Wollongong, a historic house in New South Wales, Australia
The High Court of Justice in London, known properly as His Majesty's High Court of Justice in England, together with the Court of Appeal and the Crown Court, are the Senior Courts of England and Wales. Its name is abbreviated as EWHC (England and Wales High Court) for legal citation purposes.
The High Court deals at first instance with all high-value and high-importance civil law (non-criminal) cases; it also has a supervisory jurisdiction over all subordinate courts and tribunals, with a few statutory exceptions, though there are debates as to whether these exceptions are effective.
The High Court consists of three divisions: the King's Bench Division, the Chancery Division and the Family Division. Their jurisdictions overlap in some cases, and cases started in one division may be transferred by court order to another where appropriate. The differences of procedure and practice between divisions are partly historical, derived from the separate courts which were merged into the single High Court by the 19th-century Judicature Acts, but are mainly driven by the usual nature of their work, for example, conflicting evidence of fact is quite commonly given in person in the King's Bench Division, but evidence by affidavit is more usual in the Chancery Division which is primarily concerned with points of law.
Most High Court proceedings are heard by a single judge, but certain kinds of proceedings, especially in the King's Bench Division, are assigned to a divisional court—a bench of two or more judges. Exceptionally the court may sit with a jury, but in practice normally only in defamation cases or cases against the police. Litigants are normally represented by counsel but may be represented by solicitors qualified to hold a right of audience, or they may act in person.
In principle, the High Court is bound by its own previous decisions, but there are conflicting authorities as to what extent this is so. Appeal from the High Court in civil matters normally lies to the Court of Appeal, and thence in cases of importance to the Supreme Court (the House of Lords before 2009); in some cases a "leapfrog" appeal may be made directly to the Supreme Court. In criminal matters, appeals from the King's Bench Divisional Court are made directly to the Supreme Court.
The High Court is based at the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand in the City of Westminster, London. It has district registries across England and Wales; almost all High Court proceedings may be issued and heard at a district registry.


Raiganj Coronation High School is a higher secondary school for boys and girls situated at the Raiganj Municipality of Uttar Dinajpur district in Indian state of West Bengal.
The 1979 USC Trojans football team represented the University of Southern California (USC) in the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season. In their fourth year under head coach John Robinson, the Trojans compiled an 11–0–1 record (6–0–1 against conference opponents), won the Pacific-10 Conference (Pac-10) championship, and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 389 to 171. The team was ranked #2 in both the final AP Poll and the final UPI Coaches Poll.
Quarterback Paul McDonald led the team in passing, completing 164 of 264 passes for 2,223 yards with 18 touchdowns and six interceptions.  Charles White led the team in rushing with 332 carries for 2,050 yards and 19 touchdowns. Dan Garcia led the team in receiving with 29 catches for 492 yards and three touchdowns.
The team was named national champion by the College Football Researchers Association, an NCAA-designated major selector.: 114 
Albany is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States. The population was 976 at the 2020 census. Albany contains four villages: the incorporated village of Albany, and the unincorporated villages of Albany Center, East Albany and South Albany.
The mortgage industry of the United Kingdom has traditionally been dominated by building societies, the first of which opened in Birmingham in 1775. But since the 1970s, the share of new mortgage loans market held by building societies has declined substantially. Between 1977 and 1987, the share fell drastically from 96% to 66%, and that of banks and other institutions rose from 3% to 36%. The major lenders include building societies, banks, specialized mortgage corporations, insurance companies and pension funds. During the four years after the 2007–2008 financial crisis, the UK mutual sector provided approximately 80% of net lending to the housing market. There are currently over 200 significant separate financial organizations supplying mortgage loans to house buyers in Britain, with Lloyds Bank and the Nationwide Building Society having the largest market share.


Abu Musab al-Barnawi, born Habib Yusuf, is a Nigerian Islamic militant who served as the leader of the Islamic State's branch in West Africa (ISWAP) between August 2016 and March 2019, and again around May 2021. He also served in various other capacities within ISWAP such as head of its shura. Before pledging allegiance to IS, al-Barnawi was the spokesperson for Boko Haram. Multiple sources reported that al-Barnawi was killed in 2021, but later research by the Crisis Group, Humangle Media, and others proved that these claims were inaccurate.
The Space Shuttle recovery convoy was a fleet of ground vehicles, many of which were specially-designed for their purpose, staged at the landing site of a Space Shuttle orbiter which assist the crew in egress and safe the vehicle and its payload after landing. Some vehicles and equipment which were very specific to the shuttle program were retired and either sold at auction or transferred to museums for public display.  The majority of convoy vehicles were stored in buildings near the Shuttle Landing Facility.
The Association of Independent Healthcare Organisations was formed in April 2013 by a merger between the Private Hospitals Association and Independent Healthcare Advisory Services as a trade association for independent healthcare organisations.
The organisation has sections dealing with both Wales and Scotland and hosts the Independent Sector Complaints Adjudication Service. The Chief Executive is Fiona Booth.  Fiona Hodgson, Baroness Hodgson of Abinger is  Chair of the Governance Board of the Complaints Adjudication Service.
The association has been linked with Lynton Crosby because Crosby Textor Group, advised the group of businesses, then called H5, which became the Private Hospitals Association on healthcare after David Cameron took power in 2010. H5 consisted of General Healthcare Group, Spire Healthcare, HCA International, Nuffield Health and Ramsay Health Care UK).
The association acted to defend its members during the investigation by the Competition Commission in 2013 which ended in a decision that HCA must sell two of its hospitals in central London, and BMI Healthcare was to divest from seven of its hospitals, in order to improve competition in the private healthcare market.
Booth also responded to an article on "Patient safety in private hospitals - the known and the unknown risks" by Colin Leys published by the Centre for Health and the Public Interest. The report claimed the same requirements to report incidents do not apply to private providers as they do to the NHS, which makes it hard to monitor how safe or otherwise private services are. Information about clinical negligence claims against private providers is not publicly available, as it is in the NHS. She said "Just like NHS institutions, the Care Quality Commission regulates independent hospitals for quality and safety. Inspections of independent hospitals are no less rigorous than those of NHS institutions"
She made the same point when the Royal College of Surgeons called for a serious review of the private sector in the wake of the conviction of Ian Paterson. She said also that the association was "working with national bodies to look at ways in which the sector can be further involved in the collection of best data on clinical standards".  The RCS were particularly concerned with safety standards and data transparency, where they said the private sector was behind the NHS.
In February 2020  only six of the NHS private patient units, of which there are more than 200, had signed up to the Independent Sector Complaints Adjudication Service, although most of the independent providers had.
American entertainer Britney Spears has embarked on ten headlining concert tours and one concert residency. According to Pollstar, Spears has grossed $485 million throughout her career. She first served as an opening act for NSYNC before starting her 1999 headlining debut, the ...Baby One More Time Tour, which was based in North America only. Its success prompted an extension of dates entitled (You Drive Me) Crazy Tour. The tour was positively received by critics but generated some controversy due to her racy outfits. Jae-Ha Kim of the Chicago Sun-Times commented that "Spears has that 'it' factor that worked for pinup queens of the past." In 2000, she performed on the Oops!... I Did It Again Tour. It was critically appreciated for Spears's energy and performance, as well as the band. She then followed this with the Dream Within a Dream Tour in 2001–02, visiting Japan and Mexico for the first time. The performances were accompanied by many special effects, the pièce de résistance being a water screen that pumped two tons of water onto the stage during the encore performance of "...Baby One More Time".
The Onyx Hotel Tour (2004) was her comeback tour after a two-year break from music following her split from Justin Timberlake. Spears was inspired to create a show set in different areas of a hotel and mixed it with the concept of onyx stone, that symbolized untapped desire. The tour was canceled after Spears hurt her knee while shooting the music video for "Outrageous". The Onyx Hotel Tour grossed $34 million, in addition to $30 million of merchandise, making Spears the highest-grossing merchandise female artist. Her next tour was the M+M's Tour in 2007. This tour consisted of six short, 15-minute shows in House of Blues clubs around the United States. She did not tour again until The Circus Starring Britney Spears in 2009. All the North American shows were sold out, and it broke attendance records in some cities. It went on to become the fifth highest-grossing tour of 2009, with approximately $131.8 million in ticket sales. After the debut of her seventh studio album Femme Fatale, Spears embarked on her Femme Fatale Tour, which visited North America, Europe, Asia, and South America.
On December 27, 2013, Spears began her first concert residency, Britney: Piece of Me, at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas. Originally scheduled to run for two years, the show's success led to a two-year extension, with her final performance on December 31, 2017. During the summer of 2017, Spears brought the show to Asia as an international tour, marketed as Britney: Live in Concert. In 2018, Spears continued the show in the United States and Europe as the Piece of Me Tour.


The Windermere Cup is a series of annual rowing races hosted by the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington, United States. The event is open to international teams and takes place on the first Saturday in May, in the Lake Washington Ship Canal around Portage Bay, the Montlake Cut, and Lake Washington. It is sponsored by Windermere Real Estate.
The regatta was sponsored by John Jacobi, former owner and CEO of Windermere Real Estate, to bring some of the top international crews to race crews from the University of Washington.
Begun in 1987 with the race won by the Soviet Union, the event draws major national and international crews each year to the Opening Day Regatta where among other preliminary events, the annual Seattle Yacht Club boat parade signals the beginning of boating season in the northwest.  In 2018, some 18 races from Lake Washington through Montlake Cut to Portage Bay were held.  Moorage for spectator boats is available on both sides of the course in Union Bay while thousands line both sides of Montlake Cut and stand on Montlake Bridge (closed to vehicular traffic the opening day of racing) to view both the regatta and the parade of yachts that follows. On the graphic below, the starting line is to the right in Union Bay (Lake Washington) and the 2,000 meter race is run right to left, finishing at Portage Bay (Lake Union) near West Montlake Park, adjacent to the Seattle Yacht Club's main station.
Armavir Radar Station (Russian: Радиолокационная станция (РЛС) в Армавире) is an early warning radar station near Armavir in Krasnodar Krai, Russia. It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attack and is run by the Russian Space Forces. There are two radars here - one faces south west and one south east. They provide radar coverage of the Middle East.
The station is located on the former Baronovsky Airfield (Russian: аэродром Бароновский) 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) south west of the village of Glubokiy and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) south west of Armavir.
The station was described as starting to operate at the end of 2006  and then entering "experimental combat mode" in 2008. On the day in 2009 that Russia lost coverage from radars in Ukraine it was announced that it had "begun operations". In May 2012 it was announced that it would go on combat duty before the end of 2012. In December 2012 it was announced it will be in the first quarter of 2013. 6 June 2013 commissioned by order of the President Vladimir Putin visiting the Central Command Post of the Russian Armed Forces. Planned second segment, which will overlap zone of the Gabala radar station.
It was developed by NIIDAR (НИИДАР) and was built by Spetsstroy (Федеральное агентство специального строительства, also called Спецстрой России). Equipment installation was performed by Spetstehmontazh (Спецтехмонтаж).


Kumbila is a town and commune of Angola, located in the province of Huambo.
Operation Lotus may refer to:

Indonesian invasion of East Timor (1975-1976), a conflict fought between the Indonesian New Order and East Timor.
Operation Kamala (2008-present), a term coined in India to refer to the Bharatiya Janata Party's use of bribery and intimidation to form governments in states where it does not have a majority.
Operation Lotus (2011), the Canadian relief operation in response to record flooding in the Richelieu River valley.
The Death of the Necromancer is a 1998 fantasy novel by Martha Wells. It was first published by Eos/HarperCollins.
Adam Rusling (born 25 May 2003) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays as a scrum-half for Cornwall R.L.F.C. in the RFL League 1. 
He has previously played for the Castleford Tigers in the Betfred Super League.
Henry Gassett Davis  (November 4, 1807 – November 17, 1896) was an American orthopedic surgeon.
He founded the traction school of orthopedic surgery and created the first splint for traction and protection of the hip joint. Davis is also known for his work in studying soft tissue adaptation (see Davis' law).
Earth vs. the Spider (a.k.a. The Spider) is an independently made 1958 American black-and-white science fiction horror film produced and directed by Bert I. Gordon, who also provided the plot upon which the screenplay by George Worthing Yates and Laszlo Gorog was based. Though the title suggests a global crisis, the film focuses entirely on a small town being terrorized by a giant spider. The film stars Ed Kemmer, June Kenney and Eugene Persson. The special effects were by Bert I. Gordon and Paul Blaisdell. Earth vs. the Spider was released by American International Pictures as a double feature in different film markets with either The Brain Eaters or The Screaming Skull.


Krivets (Russian: Кривец) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Sudskoye Rural Settlement, Cherepovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 396 as of 2002. There are five streets.
Mamor Niang (born 4 February 2002) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Melilla.
Live with Friends may refer to:

Live with Friends (album), an album by Elkie Brooks
"Live with Friends" (song), a song recorded by Russell Morris
Abraham Pether (1756 – 13 April 1812) was an English landscape painter, recognised for his skill in depicting moonlit scenes. He was also a talented musician, inventor, mathematician and philosopher.
In computer science, inter-process communication (IPC), also spelled interprocess communication, are the mechanisms provided by an operating system for processes to manage shared data. Typically, applications can use IPC, categorized as clients and servers, where the client requests data and the server responds to client requests. Many applications are both clients and servers, as commonly seen in distributed computing.
IPC is very important to the design process for microkernels and nanokernels, which reduce the number of functionalities provided by the kernel. Those functionalities are then obtained by communicating with servers via IPC, leading to a large increase in communication when compared to a regular monolithic kernel. IPC interfaces generally encompass variable analytic framework structures. These processes ensure compatibility between the multi-vector protocols upon which IPC models rely.
An IPC mechanism is either synchronous or asynchronous. Synchronization primitives may be used to have synchronous behavior with an asynchronous IPC mechanism.
Rangers F.C. is a football club based in Glasgow, Scotland, that competes in the Scottish Professional Football League. Since its founding in 1872, the club has had more than ten different presidents (prior to incorporation) and nineteen chairmen.
Ballynakill Lough is a lake in Connemara, County Galway, Ireland. The lake is fed by a short stream connected to the nearby Atlantic Ocean. Tooreen Bog is located on the lakes south coast. The village of Cleggan is located to the west.


Albert Urrea Baró (born 1 March 1987) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Blood of the Valiant is a 1998 role-playing game supplement for Feng Shui published by Ronin Publishing.
Farid Abbasov (Azerbaijani: Fərid Abbasov), (born January 31, 1979) is a chess Grandmaster (2007) from Azerbaijan. He is ranked 14th in Azerbaijan as of July 2021.
In 1997, he took 2nd place in the European Youth Chess Championship.
In 2001, he was awarded the International Master title.
Best results: 1st at Alushta 2004; 1st at Kireyevsk 2004; 2nd at Tula 2006; 1st at Konya 2006; 1st the Rohde Open in Sautron, France 2007; 1st at Çanakkale 2007; 1st at La Fère Open (France) 2008; 1st at Nîmes Open (France) 2008; 2nd at the President's Cup in Baku 2008; 1st at the Caspian Cup in Rasht 2010.
In 2007, he won the gold medal at an international tournament in Laholm, Sweden. Thieves broke into his hotel room and stole his laptop computer, flight ticket, and documents.
He has coached the Azerbaijan Youth chess team for the past 9 years.
Children of Pleasure  is a 1930 American pre-Code MGM musical comedy film directed by Harry Beaumont, originally released with Technicolor sequences. It was adapted from Crane Wilbur's 1929 play, The Song Writer.
Crocidura kegoensis, also known as the Ke Go shrew or Ke Go white-toothed shrew, is a species of shrew in the genus Crocidura described in 2004. It is smaller than other Crocidura species known from Vietnam, brownish-grey in colour with black markings on the muzzle. Its hair is short (hair on the back of 1.5 mm and 1.0 mm on the underside). The holotype was found in the Ke Go Nature Reserve, in Vietnam's Ha Tinh province, at an altitude of about 200 m.
The holotype measurements are given below, all of which make it the smallest described Vietnamese species in its genus.
Mattia Trombetta (born 23 August 1974) is an Italian rower. He competed in the men's eight event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The 1979 Tasmanian state election was held on 18 July 1979.
Durkin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 

Barbara Durkin, English actress
Brian F. Durkin (born 1976), American actor
D. J. Durkin (born 1978), American football coach
Herbert Durkin, British military officer
Jim Durkin (born 1961), American politician
John A. Durkin (1936–2012), U.S. senator
John Durkin (footballer) (1930–1983), Scottish association football player
Junior Durkin (1915–1935), American actor
Kathy Durkin,  Irish singer
Martin Patrick Durkin (1894–1955), American politician
Martin Durkin (director), British television producer
Martin James Durkin (1901–1981), American criminal
Paul Durkin (born 1955), English football referee
Raymond M. Durkin (1936–2014), American politician
Shane Durkin (born 1987), Irish hurler
Tom Durkin (sportscaster) (born 1950), American sportscaster
Tom Durkin (artist) (1853–1902), Australian cartoonist
Tom Durkin (soccer coach), American soccer manager
Thomas Durkin (rugby league), rugby footballer
Thomas Anthony Durkin, American lawyer
Thomas M. Durkin, US District Judge for the Northern District of Illinois
William Durkin (basketball) (1922–2012), American professional basketball player
William Durkin (footballer) (1921–2000), English professional footballer
William L. Durkin (1916–2006), American soldier
Xavier Haas, (1907–1950) was a French painter and engraver. Though born in Paris of Alsacian descent, he is most associated with Breton nationalist art and design.
Pilareta is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.
The American Board of Obesity Medicine (ABOM) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, self-appointed physician-evaluation organization that certifies physicians practicing obesity medicine. The American Board of Obesity Medicine is not a membership society, educational institution, or licensing body. Certification is intended to signify that a physician possess specialized knowledge of obesity. Eligibility requires completion of a recognized fellowship program or sufficient continuing medical education (CME).
Nazia Mogra  is a British children's TV presenter and senior television journalist for BBC's Newsround and North West Tonight, on BBC One and BBC Sport.
Jim Stevenson (1935 – 2 March 2009) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dundee, Dunfermline Athletic and Cheltenham Town.
He started his playing career as a wing half, featuring briefly for Dumbarton then played for junior side Camelon Juniors before being signed by Dundee, making 10 appearances in 1955–56 before he was required to undertake two years of national service in the Royal Air Force where he played for RAF Kirkham.
Eventually released by Dundee, he joined Dunfermline Athletic in October 1959, becoming the club's first choice centre half. 3 December 1960 saw Stevenson break his leg, an injury which caused him to miss Dunfermline winning the Scottish Cup.
His return to the team came almost a year after the injury on 2 September 1961 in a reserve game against Motherwell and he was eventually recalled to the first team in a 9–0 cup win over Wigtown & Bladnoch on 27 January 1962. However, manager Jock Stein brought in Jim McLean who successfully filled the defensive role along with George Miller, and Stevenson was eventually released at the end of 1962–63.
After leaving Dunfermline Athletic he and his wife Joyce moved to England, settling in Cheltenham; he played for non-league Cheltenham Town and started working as an Electronics Engineer with Smith Industries Aviation. After retiring from football he refused to go into coaching and eventually retired from his job at Smith's.
Stevenson had for a number of years suffered from Alzheimer's Disease and had spent the last three years of his life in a Gloucestershire nursing home. He died on 2 March 2009 at the nursing home in Mitcheldean.
The Decadary Cult (French: Culte décadaire), also called Tenth-day Cult, was a semi-official religion of France during the Directory period of the French Revolution, intended as a dechristianised replacement of the Christian Sunday worship with a quasi-religious festival on the day of rest in the 10-day week of the French Republican Calendar.
The Decadary Cult was a system of worship based on festivals, so-called fêtes décadaires, which were celebrated every décadi, the day of rest in the 10-day week of the Republican calendar. In addition, there was a cycle of annual festivals, celebrating various themes such as youth, old age, the foundation of the French Republic and the execution of Louis XVI. The festivals included the singing of patriotic songs, banquets, games, and the  presentation of awards. The festivals were highly politicised, patriotic events, intended to promote Republican norms and values among the populace.
Patriarca may refer to:

Patriarca crime family, an Italian-American crime family based in New England
Patriarca (São Paulo Metro), a São Paulo Metro station
Penguen (English: Penguin) was a satirical magazine published in Turkey and distributed also to Northern Cyprus.
South Korea competed at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics from August 25 to September 2. A team of 11 athletes was announced in preparation for the competition.
Lone Star is a populated place situated in Graham County, Arizona, United States. The community is located eight miles north of Solomonville and was named after the nearby mine and mountain.
Alma Johnson could refer to:

Alma Evans-Freke (née Johnson) (1931–2017), New Zealand television personality
Alma Powell (née Johnson) (born 1937), American audiologist and wife of former Secretary of State Colin Powell
Mogrus ignarus is  a species of jumping spider in the genus Mogrus that is endemic to Zimbabwe. The spider was first defined in 2000 by the Polish arachnologist Wanda Wesołowska. It has a dark brown carapace that is between 2.6 and 2.8 mm (0.10 and 0.11 in) and has two white stripes on the back and a white abdomen that is between 2.6 and 3.0 mm (0.10 and 0.12 in) long and a large brown stripe that takes up one third of its back. The spider has brownish legs with long brown spines and hairs. It is similar to other Mogrus spiders. The male has a distinctive membrane and appendage at the base of its embolus on the palpal bulb which distinguishes its from other species in the genus. The female has not been described.
A cemetery is land reserved for human or animal (pet) remains.
Cemetery or cemetary may also refer to:

Cemetery (album), an album by Deja Voodoo
"Cemetery" (Silverchair song), 1997
"Cemetery" (Charlie Simpson song), 2011
"Cemetery" (Missy Higgins song), 2018
Cemetary (band), a Swedish metal band
Cemetery Reach, a reach of the Brisbane River in Queensland, Australia
Bolboschoenus maritimus is a species of flowering plant from family Cyperaceae. Common names for this species include sea clubrush, cosmopolitan bulrush, alkali bulrush, saltmarsh bulrush, and bayonet grass. It is found in seaside wetland habitats over much of the world. It is widespread across much of temperate and subtropical Africa, Asia,  Europe,  North America, South America and various islands.
Santiso is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It is situated in the southeast of the province.
The mighty girl effect (also referred to as the eldest daughter effect) is the documented correlation between a father's eldest child being female and that father's measured levels of sexism and awareness of gender inequalities.
Researchers in the United States and United Kingdom have been studying this effect since at least the late 1970s and have published several significant discoveries since 2011.


Christina Juhl Johansen (born 17 July 1992) is a Danish rower.
She won a medal at the 2019 World Rowing Championships.
Glen Innes Wind Farm  is a wind farm proposal in the Australian state of New South Wales. It is in the New England region of northern New South Wales, between Inverell and Glen Innes. It is south of the Gwydir Highway and closer to Glen Innes than the larger nearby White Rock and Sapphire Wind Farms. Glen Innes wind farm is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) west of Glen Innes and being developed by Nexif Energy. It is expected to be built with 25 wind turbines, each with a capacity up to 3.6MW.
New Houghton is a former mining village in the Bolsover District of Derbyshire, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) from both Bolsover and Mansfield.
Angela Maria Lambert (née Helps; 14 April 1940 – 26 September 2007) was a British journalist and author. She is best known for her novels A Rather English Marriage and Kiss and Kin, the latter of which won the Romantic Novel of the Year Award.
Gesso (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒɛsso]; 'chalk', from the Latin: gypsum, from Greek: γύψος), also known as "glue gesso" or "Italian gesso", is a white paint mixture used to coat rigid surfaces such as wooden painting panels or masonite as a permanent absorbent primer substrate for painting. It consists of a binder mixed with chalk, gypsum, pigment, or any combination of these.
Gesso is used in painting as a preparation for any number of substrates such as wood panels, canvas and sculpture as a base for paint and other materials that are applied over it.
Pikuach nefesh (Hebrew: פיקוח נפש), which means "saving a soul" or "saving a life," is the principle in Halakha (Jewish law) that the preservation of human life overrides virtually any other religious rule of Judaism. In the event that a person is in critical danger, most mitzvot, become inapplicable if they  would hinder the ability to save oneself or someone else. However, there are certain exceptions; some rules and commandments may not be broken under any circumstances and thus may require an act of self-sacrifice.


"The Rose of Tralee" is a nineteenth-century Irish ballad about a woman called Mary, who because of her beauty was called The Rose of Tralee. The Rose of Tralee International Festival had been inspired by the ballad.
The words of the song are credited to Edward Mordaunt Spencer and the music to Charles William Glover, but a story circulated in connection with the festival claims that the song was written by William Pembroke Mulchinock, out of love for Mary O'Connor, a poor maid in service to his family.
In 2019 the Rose of Tralee International Festival, as part of their 60th Anniversary living history promotion, employed the services of Dr. Andrea Nini, a forensic linguist working on cases of disputed authorship. His report concluded that a poem written by Tralee poet William Pembroke Mulchinock called Smile Mary My Darling was published and passed off by Edward Mordaunt Spencer in 1846 in his book of poetry The Heir of Abbotsville. This poem was adapted into a poem called The Rose of Tralee with the air being re-set by Charles William Glover from one of his previous ballads.
The Two Stars or The Stars or The Two Little Stars (aka Les Deux étoiles) is an Anacreontic ballet in 1 act, with choreography by Marius Petipa, and music by Cesare Pugni. Libretto by Marius Petipa, based on an ancient Greek myth.
First presented by the Imperial Ballet on January 31/February 6 (Julian/Gregorian calendar dates), 1871 at the Imperial Bolshoi Kamenny Theatre, St. Petersburg, Russia. Principal Dancers- Ekaterina Vazem (as the First Star), Alexandra Virginia (as The Second Star), and Pavel Gerdt (as Apollo)
The teams competing in Group 1 of the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Championships qualifying competition are Albania, Azerbaijan, Croatia, Faroe Islands, Greece and Italy.
Belgium participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with the song "1 Life" written by Dirk Paelinck and Marc Paelinck. The song was performed by Xandee. The Belgian entry for the 2004 contest in Istanbul, Turkey was selected through the national final Eurosong '04, organised by the Flemish broadcaster Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroeporganisatie (VRT). The competition featured twenty-eight competing entries and consisted of five shows. In the final on 15 February 2004, "1 Life" performed by Xandee was selected as the winner via the votes of five voting groups. 
As one of ten highest placed finishers in the 2003 contest, Belgium directly qualified to compete in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 15 May 2004. Performing in position 13, Belgium placed twenty-second out of the 24 participating countries with 7 points.
Jack Hubbert (19 March 1916 – 5 August 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Hotel Kaskaskia is a historic building in LaSalle, Illinois. The hotel was designed by Marshall and Fox and named for the Kaskaskia Indian Village. The six-story hotel at 217 Marquette Street opened in 1915. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The hotel hosted WJBC (AM).
Some guests arrived via the Rock Island "Rocket" train from Chicago. Celebrity guests included Amelia Earhart, Spike Jones & His City Slickers, Galli Curoi, and Admiral Chester W. Nimitz.
The building was closed up in 2001. It also appears to have been used an independent living facility. As of 2010 it was being restored as a hotel, museum and convention center.
Augustine Podmore Williams (22 May 1852 – 17 April 1916) was an English mariner who gained notoriety in the 1880s as the result of a scandal on the high seas.
Friary Halt railway station served an area south of Rossnowlagh in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 March 1953 on the Donegal Railway Company line from Donegal to Ballyshannon.
It closed on 1 January 1960.
Angelo Tsarouchas (Greek: Άγγελος Τσαρούχας) is a Greek-Canadian comedian, actor, and writer living in Los Angeles. He is known for incorporating Greek culture into his stand-up comedy routines, and has been called the "King of Greek Ethnic Comedy." He organized World Dafni Day, a celebration of Greek diaspora from Dafni, his father's birthplace.
The 1948 Canisius Golden Griffins football team was an American football team that represented Canisius College in the Western New York Little Three Conference (Little Three) during the 1948 college football season. Canisius compiled a 7–2–1  record, won the Little Three championship, lost to John Carroll in the Great Lakes Bowl, and outscored all opponents by a total of 242 to 109.
Canisius was ranked at No. 91 in the final Litkenhous Difference by Score System ratings for 1948.
James B. Wilson was hired in March 1948 as the team's head football coach. He had previously served as the school's head football coach from 1939 until 1942 when the school discontinued football for the duration of World War II.
Three Canisius players were selected by the United Press as first-team players on the All-Upstate New York football team: tackle George Eberle; guard George Kuhrt; and halfback Howie Willis.
A deputy chief of mission (DCM, in Europe the term deputy head of mission – DHoM or DHM is used instead) is the number-two diplomat assigned to an embassy or other diplomatic mission. The deputy chief of mission is usually considered the second-in-command to the head of mission (usually an ambassador). DCMs serve as chargé d'affaires (that is, as acting chief of mission) when the titular head of mission is outside the host country or when the post is vacant.
A DCM typically serve as a key advisor to the chiefs of mission as well as a chief of staff, responsible for the day-to-day management of the post. DCM oversees the heads of sections (political, economic, public affairs, management, consular) at the embassy, they may also serve as de facto ombudsmen, responding to employee concerns and quality of life issues. Most career ambassadors have served as a DCM prior to their first assignment as chief of mission.
Murchison County was one of the counties of New Zealand on the South Island.
Sir John Charles Samuel Grenier (16 June 1840 - 31 October 1892) was a barrister and the 17th Attorney General of Ceylon. He was appointed on 30 September 1886, succeeding Francis Fleming, and held the office until his death in 1892. He was succeeded by Charles Layard.
Grenier was born in Jaffna, Ceylon on 16 June 1840, son of Frederick Charles Grenier, Secretary of the District Court, Jaffna. He started his career as a sub-editor on the Ceylon Examiner and later first secretary of the Colombo Municipality.  He was called to the Ceylon Bar in 1864 and started his legal career acting as a Puisne Judge on the Supreme Court Bench. He was called to the English Bar in 1884 and appointed Attorney-General of Ceylon in 1886. He was knighted in 1891 in particular for this work on the Civil Procedure Code. Grenier died in Colombo, Ceylon on 31 October 1892 from pneumonia aged 52.
Bay High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in Bay, Arkansas, United States. The school provides secondary education for students in grades 7 through 12. It is one of six public high schools in Craighead County, Arkansas and the sole high school administered by the Bay School District.
USS L. Y. Spear (AS-36) was the lead ship of her class of submarine tenders, in service to the United States Navy from 1970 through 1996.
Cynthia Ann Cichorski (September 29, 1954 – c. December 30, 2023), known professionally as Cindy Morgan, was an American actress best known for playing Lora/Yori in Tron and Lacey Underall in Caddyshack.


Wankel may refer to:

Wankel engine, a type of internal combustion engine using an eccentric rotary design instead of reciprocating pistons
Wankel AG, a German company that produces Wankel engines for ultralight aircraft and racing cars
Clayton Ely Oriani Junior (born 8 November 1988), simply known as Clayton, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ypiranga de Erechim as midfielder.
Áslaug Magnúsdóttir is an Icelandic businesswoman and entrepreneur. Áslaug is the founder of Katla. She is the co-founder and former chief executive officer of Moda Operandi and a co-founder of TSM Capital. She has been dubbed "fashion's fairy godmother" by Vogue and one of the 100 Most Creative People in Business by Fast Company.
A Fulbright scholar, Áslaug holds an MBA from Harvard Business School, an LL.M from Duke University School of Law and a Candidate of Law degree from the University of Iceland.
The Makedonia Palace (Greek: Μακεδονία Παλλάς) is a 5-star hotel located in Downtown Thessaloniki, Greece. The hotel is located on Megalou Alexandrou Avenue, by Thessaloniki's eastern urban waterfront. 
The Makedonia Palace, designed by Constantinos Apostolou Doxiadis, opened in 1972. It has an expressive austerity, the structure shows clearly its standardisation.
It has 284 rooms and suites. Located on Thessaloniki's waterfront, it has views to the Thermaic Gulf. It is located a short distance from the city centre, the White Tower of Thessaloniki and the Thessaloniki International Exhibition Centre, where the Thessaloniki International Fair is held every year. Makedonia Palace is about 15 km away from Macedonia International Airport. The hotel is a major venue for both domestic and international congresses and conferences. 
Every September, during the annual opening ceremony of the Thessaloniki International Fair, the Prime Minister of Greece stays at Makedonia Palace along with most of the Cabinet. The hotel has also hosted many Greek and international celebrities, including Russian president Vladimir Putin,XIKI,Chuck Norris, Faye Dunaway, Colin Farrell and Catherine Deneuve, during their stay in the city.
The hotel is owned by the IKA (Greece's social security fund), and was managed by The Daskalantonakis Group. In 2014, Belterra Investments, owned by Ivan Savvidis, leased the hotel through a 30-year contract, at a €1.7 million annual rent.
The building is a landmark at Thessalonikis' new seafront (Nea Paralia), remodelled in exemplary manner by Nikiforidis - Cuomo Architects.


Whitford's Airport is a public use airport in Cayuga County, New York, United States. It is owned by John Whitford and is located two nautical miles (3.74 km) northeast of the central business district of the Village of Weedsport. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2007-2011, it is categorized as a reliever airport.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned B16 by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
The Gilbert Bridge, also known as the Hall Estate Bridge, is an historic, American Pratt truss bridge that is located in Monaghan Township, York County, Pennsylvania and Upper Allen Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Lindsay Davenport and Corina Morariu were the defending champions, but neither competed this year.
Chanda Rubin and Sandrine Testud won the title by defeating Cara Black and Amy Frazier 6–4, 6–4 in the final.
Statistics of Allsvenskan in season 1976.
Walter Mathias Urbain (1910 – January 15, 2002) was a distinguished American scientist who helped pioneer food science through innovative research during World War II.  His contributions include new patents and methodologies in food engineering, irradiation, and meat science.  Because of his contributions, the US government, especially the US Army and the former US Atomic Energy Commission, developed national programs on food irradiation during the 1950s which led to the development of international standards and the application of his methods on a global basis.
Mike Stewart (born 1950) is a retired American professional basketball player. He best known for his college career at Santa Clara University, where he was named the West Coast Conference Player of the Year in 1972.  He is the father of former NBA player Michael "Yogi" Stewart.
The Adventures of Paper Peter (Icelandic: Ævintýri Pappírs Pésa) is a 1990 Icelandic drama film directed by Ari Kristinsson. The film was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 63rd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Paul O. Müller (born 18 April 1915 in Graz; died 9 March 1942 at Pechenkino near Sukhinichi) was an Austrian theoretical nuclear physicist who worked in the German Uranverein. He was drafted into the German armed forces and died on the Russian Front in World War II.
Zhaoping station (Chinese: 沼平車站; pinyin: Zhǎopíng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Alishan Forest Railway line located in Alishan Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan. There is a commemorative stamp at the counter.
Gulçin Yahya Kaçar (10 January 1966) is a Turkish musician, Oud master, composer, singer, and academic.
John Barley may refer to:

John E. Barley (born 1945), American politician
John Barley (MP) for Hertfordshire
Timothy Carter Corbin (born August 5, 1961) is the head baseball coach of the Vanderbilt Commodores baseball team. Since becoming coach at Vanderbilt in 2003, Corbin has transformed the Commodores from a perennial Southeastern Conference doormat to an elite program. When he arrived in 2003, Vanderbilt had only had six winning seasons in SEC play since baseball became a scholarship sport in 1968, and had only been to three NCAA tournaments in school history. Since then, they have been to all but one NCAA tournament since 2004.
On June 25, 2014, he led the team to Vanderbilt's first ever men's NCAA Championship in any sport, winning the College World Series.  In his first ten years, Corbin amassed a 411-217 record with the Commodores. His 2013 Commodores team set an SEC record for wins, going 26-3 in conference. On May 2, 2014, Corbin won his 500th game at Vanderbilt in an 8-3 victory over Missouri.
Before coming to Vanderbilt, Corbin served as an assistant coach at Clemson for nine years and as head coach at Presbyterian for six years. At Clemson, he worked under head coach Jack Leggett, on the same staff with future head coaches and SEC rivals Kevin O'Sullivan and John Pawlowski. He coached three ACC Players of the Year and helped Clemson reach the College World Series four times (1995, 1996, 2000, and 2002). At Presbyterian, Corbin helped direct a program that was dormant for several years. He compiled a 106-138 record with the Blue Hose, which was transitioning from NAIA to NCAA Division II. The Blue Hose made three consecutive appearances in the South Atlantic Conference playoffs (1991–93), and Corbin earned South Atlantic Coach of the Year honors in 1990. In 2000, he was named the ABCA/Baseball America Assistant Coach of the Year.
Corbin also served as manager for the USA Baseball National Team during the summer of 2006. He led the team to a 28-2-1 record that culminated with a gold medal finish at the FISU (International University Sports Federation) World University Championship in Havana, Cuba. The .919 winning percentage was the highest ever for a national team and it garnered special recognition by the United States Olympic Committee in September. Additionally, Corbin managed three of his Commodore players on this team: David Price, Pedro Alvarez, and Casey Weathers.
The International Association for Physicians in Aesthetic Medicine (IAPAM) is a voluntary association founded to unite licensed physicians who practice aesthetic medicine, by assisting in their professional and personal development.
Emilija Kokić (born 10 May 1968) is a Croatian singer. She was the lead singer of the Croatian pop band Riva, which won the Eurovision Song Contest 1989 for Yugoslavia, with the song Rock Me, just four days before her 21st Birthday. Currently Emilija is a solo artist and singing teacher in Croatia. She tried her luck at the national  Dora festival, whose winner was to represent Croatia at Eurovision. She came 2nd at Dora 2001 and joint 6th at Dora 2008.
At Dora 2011 she was part of the jury and also performed Rock Me.
Adams Township is a township in Wapello County, Iowa, United States.
Two in Love (Russian: Двое, romanized: Dvoe) is a 1965 Soviet short romantic drama film directed by Mikhail Bogin.
The plot for the film was a story from the life of a deaf actress of the Moscow Mimics and Gesture Theatre Svetlana Sonina.
Hunter Henry (born December 7, 1994) is an American professional football tight end for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Arkansas Razorbacks, earning unanimous All-American honors in 2015. Henry was selected by the San Diego Chargers in the second round of the 2016 NFL draft. He was a member of the Chargers for five seasons before joining the Patriots in 2021.
The Pareto principle (also known as the 80/20 rule, the law of the vital few and the principle of factor sparsity) states that for many outcomes, roughly 80% of consequences come from 20% of causes (the "vital few").
In 1941, management consultant Joseph M. Juran developed the concept in the context of quality control and improvement after reading the works of Italian sociologist and economist Vilfredo Pareto, who wrote in 1906 about the 80/20 connection while teaching at the University of Lausanne. In his first work, Cours d'économie politique, Pareto showed that approximately 80% of the land in the Kingdom of Italy was owned by 20% of the population. The Pareto principle is only tangentially related to the Pareto efficiency.
Mathematically, the 80/20 rule is roughly described by a power law distribution (also known as a Pareto distribution) for a particular set of parameters. Many natural phenomena are distributed according to power law statistics. It is an adage of business management that "80% of sales come from 20% of clients."


Clube Desportivo Primeiro de Agosto is an Angolan men's basketball team based in Luanda. The team is part of the multi-sports club with the same name. The club is attached to the Angolan Armed Forces which is its main sponsor. The team competes at the local level at the Luanda Provincial Basketball Championship and at the BIC Basket. In the past, it has played in the Africa Basketball League competitions.
Primeiro de Agosto is the most decorated team in Africa and holds the record of titles won in the African Basketball Club Champions League with nine championships, their last one being in 2019.
Megachile platystoma is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Pasteels in 1965.
Hoằng Hóa is a district (huyện) of Thanh Hóa province in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam. As of 2003 the district had a population of 250,864. The district covers an area of 225 km2. The district capital is in Bút Sơn.
Nova Alvorada do Sul is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso do Sul. Its population was 22,430 (2020) and its area is 4,019 km².
Begum Viqar-un-Nisa (also known as Viqar un Nisa Noon or Viqarunnisa Noon; 1920 – 16 January 2000) was the spouse of the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 1957 to 1958.
By profession, she was a social worker. She married 7th Pakistani Prime Minister Sir Feroz Khan Noon in 1945. She participated in the Pakistan Movement, which led to the creation of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Viqar was an Austrian by birth and origin, and her name at birth was Victoria Rekha.
Ultimate Tornado is a documentary that first aired on the National Geographic Channel on April 12, 2006. It focuses on several unusually violent tornado events that have occurred in the United States, which include the 2004 Attica, Kansas tornado outbreak (Attica F2 and Harper F4), the 1995 Pampa, Texas tornado (F4), the Jarrell tornado (F5), and the 1999 Bridge Creek tornado (F5). 
It last examined the possible effects of a theoretical F5 tornado hitting downtown Dallas, Texas, postulating that this would be the worst tornado in history in terms of cost, damage, destruction and loss of life.
Bulgar may refer to:

Bulgars, a historical Turkic group
Bulgar language, the extinct language of the Bulgars
Oghur languages
Bulgar may also refer to:

Bolghar, the capital city of Volga Bulgaria
Bulgur, a wheat product
Bulgar, an Ashkenazi Jewish dance form used in Klezmer music
Bulgar, Chekmagushevsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan
Bulgar Mosque


Musotima aduncalis, also known as the maidenhair fairy moth, is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Cajetan Felder, Rudolf Felder and Alois Friedrich Rogenhofer in 1875. This species is endemic to New Zealand.
The Entertainment of the Two Kings of Great Britain and Denmark or The Hours was written by Ben Jonson and performed at Theobalds House on 24 July 1606 . John Harington of Kelston described another masque of Solomon and Sheba, performed one day at Theobalds after dinner. There is some doubt over Harington's account. In May 1607 another masque An Entertainment of the King James and Queen Anne at Theobalds was performed when the keys of the house were given to Anne of Denmark.
Thomas Francis Eccleston (25 September 1875 – 1946) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Preston North End.
Saturable absorption is a property of materials where the absorption of light decreases with increasing light intensity.  Most materials show some saturable absorption, but often only at very high optical intensities (close to the optical damage). At sufficiently high incident light intensity, the ground state of a saturable absorber material is excited into an upper energy state at such a rate that there is insufficient time for it to decay back to the ground state before the ground state becomes depleted, causing the absorption to saturate. The key parameters for a saturable absorber are its wavelength range (where in the electromagnetic spectrum it absorbs), its dynamic response (how fast it recovers), and its saturation intensity and fluence (at what intensity or pulse energy it saturates). 
Saturable absorber materials are useful in laser cavities. For instance, they are commonly used for passive Q-switching.


Godspy is a dormant English-language online magazine "for Catholics and other seekers" launched in 2003, dealing with subjects from "politics to the arts, science to the economy, sexuality to ecology," and exploring the "ideas and experiences that reveal God's presence in the world." The magazine's name was inspired by the line in King Lear: "And take upon's the mystery of things, As if we were God's spies".
It is ad-supported and is available to read free of charge. The site is supposedly updated daily, while the magazine portion of the site is monthly, but no new content has been posted since February 2009. It has been noted as "the rare faith-based site that unabashedly promotes its point of view while remaining relevant to all readers."
Its editorial board and contributors include such notable figures as its editors Austen Ivereigh and David Scott. It also has as theological advisor and contributor the internationally recognized theologian, scientist, and author Lorenzo Albacete.
Godspy's headquarters are located in New York, New York.
Towada (十和田市, Towada-shi) is a city in Aomori Prefecture, Japan. As of 31 January 2023, the city had an estimated population of 58,905 in 28031 households, and a population density of 81 persons per km2  The total area of the city is 725.65 square kilometers (280.18 sq mi).Towada is home to the national and prefectural agencies that administer the Kamikita region, and is the central city of the region. In October 2012, the city signed an agreement with nine surrounding municipalities to improve the living environment, and has a cooperative relationship with Misawa City, which has an airport and a U.S. Air Force base.
Dragana Zarić-Martinov(Serbian Cyrillic: Драгана Зарић-Мартинов, born 1 August 1977) is a Serbian former professional tennis player.
Her career-high rankings are No. 157 in singles, achieved in the spring of 2001, and No. 82 in doubles, reached summer 2002. She won four titles in singles and 24 in doubles at tournaments of the ITF Women's Circuit. She also played for the Yugoslavia Fed Cup team, from 1995 until 2005.
Zarić started her professional career in 1994, and in 1995, she won her first ITF title in Nicosia, Cyprus. In 1998, she played her first WTA Tour qualifying draws in Maria Lankowitz and Istanbul, but lost. She kicked off the 2001 season with attempts to qualify on a couple of WTA and all Grand Slam tournaments, but failed to pass the qualifying rounds. In doubles, the same year, she got to the finals of the Budapest Grand Prix and the quarterfinals at the Wimbledon Championships.
Zarić retired from pro tennis 2006.
Glenwood Township is a township in Pope County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,004 at the 2000 census.
Glenwood Township was named for the glen and woods within its borders.
Novala Takemoto (嶽本 野ばら, Takemoto Nobara) is the professional name of Toshiaki Takemoto (嶽本 稔明, Takemoto Toshiaki), a Japanese author, and fashion designer.
Indira Devi, born Effie Hippolet, was an actress of early silent Indian cinema.
Yolanda Varela was a Mexican actress. Born in Mexico City on 30 March 1930, she started acting at a very early age. She studied ballet in the National Institute of the Performing Arts. Varela was the leading actress in many Mexican films and some Spanish/Mexican co-productions.
Among her more important films were: Dos tipos de cuidado (1953), Llamas Contra el Viento and El Niño y el Muro (1965). She co-starred with such actors as Daniel Gélin, Arturo de Córdova, Jorge Mistral, Manolo Fabregas, Ernesto Alonso, Pedro Vargas, Fernando Soler, Resortes, Clavillazo, German Valdez Tintan Enrique Rambal, Miguel Aceves Mejía, Joaquín Cordero, among others.
Alexander Penna (born 15 June 1974) is a Brazilian cross-country skier. He competed in the men's 50 kilometre classical event at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Authaal (17 May 1983 – after 1999) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was probably the best horse sired by the ill-fated Shergar, winning at the highest level in both Ireland and Australia. He was unraced as a two-year-old but won four of his five races as a three-year-old in 1986, culminating in an emphatic victory in the Irish St. Leger. After failing to reproduce his best form in 1987, he was set to race in Australia where he recorded major wins in the Queen Elizabeth Stakes and Underwood Stakes. After his retirement from racing he stood as a breeding stallion in Japan but had little success as a sire of winners.
Nikolaos Thon GCVO (Greek: Νικόλαος Θων; c. 1850–1906) was a Greek courtier and businessman.
He was born in Athens to a Bavarian who had come to Greece with King Otto, and his Greek wife Marigo Vogiatzi. The ownership of mines in the Cyclades helped him amass considerable fortune, and he acquired extensive properties in Attica. Among the latter are the Thon Villa in Ampelokipoi, and the so-called "Palataki" (Palacette) in Haidari. 
He also provided the land on which the National Theatre of Greece was built in 1891, and served as its first director in 1900. Nikolaos Thon also financed the construction of the Chapel of St. George on Mount Lycabettus, was chairman of Panellinios G.S. and a member of the organizing committee for the 1906 Intercalated Olympic Games, and served King George I as intendant of the royal estates.
Hoboksar (Chinese: 和布克赛尔蒙古自治县; pinyin: Hébùkèsài'ěr Měnggǔ Zìzhìxiàn), sometimes referred with the historic name Hefeng County (和丰县; Héfēng Xiàn), is an autonomous county for Mongol people in the middle north of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, Western China, it is under the administration of Tacheng Prefecture. The county has an area of 28,784 km2 (11,114 sq mi) with a population of 62,100 (as of 2010 Census). It has eight towns and townships and seven farms, Hoboksar Town is its county seat.
Salmothymus is a genus name of fish in the family Salmonidae, established for the Adriatic trout (Salmothymus obrusirostris). More commonly, however, the species is considered a member of the wider genus Salmo, i.e. Salmo obtusirostris.   Salmothymus thus is a junior synonym of Salmo, not in current use.
For music from an individual year in the 1940s, go to 40 | 41 | 42 | 43 | 44 | 45 | 46 | 47 | 48 | 49

This article includes an overview of the major events and trends in popular music in the 1940s.
In the developed world, swing, big band, jazz, Latin and country music dominated and defined the decade's music. After World War II, the big band sounds of the earlier part of the decade had been gradually replaced by crooners and vocal pop.


Lantibiotics are a class of polycyclic peptide antibiotics that contain the characteristic thioether amino acids lanthionine or methyllanthionine, as well as the unsaturated amino acids dehydroalanine, and 2-aminoisobutyric acid. They belong to ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides.
Lanthionine is composed of two alanine residues that are crosslinked on their β-carbon atoms by a thioether (monosulfide)  linkage.
Lantibiotics are produced by a large number of Gram-positive bacteria such as Streptococcus and Streptomyces to attack other Gram-positive bacteria, and as such, they are considered a member of the bacteriocins. Bacteriocins are classified according to their extent of posttranslational modification. The lantibiotics are a class of more extensively modified bacteriocins, also called Class I bacteriocins. (Bacteriocins for which disulfide bonds are the only modification to the peptide are Class II bacteriocins.)
Lantibiotics are well studied because of the commercial use of these bacteria in the food industry for making dairy products such as cheese.
Nisin and epidermin are members of a family of lantibiotics that bind to lipid II, a cell wall precursor lipid component of target bacteria and disrupt cell wall production.  The duramycin family of lantibiotics binds phosphoethanolamine in the membranes of its target cells and seem to disrupt several physiological functions.
The Longmen Jianshan Pier (traditional Chinese: 龍門尖山港; simplified Chinese: 龙门尖山港; pinyin: Lóngmén Jiānshān Gǎng) is a pier in Huxi Township, Penghu County, Taiwan.
Barry Ono (1876–1941) was a British variety theatre performer, collector of penny dreadfuls and benefactor of the British Library. His collection of songbooks was bequeathed to the British Library in 1941.
WHNK may refer to:

WHNK (AM), a radio station (1330 AM) licensed to serve Marion, Virginia, United States
WVAM, a radio station (1450 AM) licensed to serve Parkersburg, Virginia, which held the call sign WHNK from 2004 to 2020
Phillip James Tuczynski (born January 11, 1947) is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
He born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee and the University of Wisconsin Law School.
Yakov Morozov (born 6 August 1985), better known by his stage name Rezone, is a Russian DJ, Tech-House, House music producer and Sound Designer.
The 2018 Maidstone Borough Council elections took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of Maidstone Borough Council in Kent, England. The council remained in no overall control, with the Conservatives overtaking the Liberal Democrats as the largest party on the council.
Gianmarco Di Biase (born 26 November 2005) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Juventus Next Gen.
The Star Awards for Most Popular Regional Artiste was an award presented annually at the Star Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1994.
The category was introduced in 2014. It was given in honour to the nominees were determined by a team of judges employed by MediaCorp; winners were selected by a majority vote from the public via online voting from regional countries.
Since its inception, the award was given to only 4 artistes. Jeanette Aw & Christopher Lee are the most recent and final winners in this category. Since the award was presented in 2014, Jeanette Aw remain as the only artiste to win in this category four times, surpassing Rui En, who have two wins. Jeanette Aw and Rui En have been nominated on 8 occasions, more than any other artistes. Rebecca Lim holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with seven.
The award was discontinued from 2016 onwards.
Thomas George Bladon (born December 29, 1952) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played nine seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Edmonton Oilers, Winnipeg Jets and Detroit Red Wings. He won the Stanley Cup with the Flyers in 1974 and 1975.
Persatuan Sepakbola Kwarta Deli Serdang is an Indonesian football club based in Deli Serdang, North Sumatra. They play in Liga 3. Their home ground is Kwarta Academy Football Field.
Daniel Warden (born 11 April 1973) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League.
The 1978 European Taekwondo Championships were held in Munich, West Germany between October 20 and 22, 1978 under the organization of the European Taekwondo Union (ETU).
...ish is the debut album by Australian pop rock band 1927, released on 14 November 1988, which peaked at number one for four weeks in early 1989 on the ARIA Albums Chart. The album remained in the top 50 for 46 weeks and reached No. 2 on the 1989 ARIA Year End Albums Chart.  The album was awarded 5× platinum certification – for shipment of more than 350,000 copies. At the ARIA Music Awards of 1989, 1927 won 'Breakthrough Artist – Single' for "That's When I Think of You" and 'Breakthrough Artist – Album' for ...ish. At the 1990 ceremony the group won 'Best Video' for "Compulsory Hero", which was directed by Geoff Barter. In 1999 rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, described the album as "brimful of stirring, stately pop rock anthems". As of 2002, it was in the top 10 of the most successful debut albums by Australian artists.
Queenie H. C. Captain was an Indian social worker known for her contributions to the welfare of the visually impaired people in India. She was the co-founder and the president of the National Association for the Blind, the largest non governmental organization for the blind people in India, from 1961 to 1972. She also served as the vice president and the chairperson of the finance raising committee of the organization. She was one of the organizers of the World Assembly of the World Council for the Welfare of the Blind held in New Delhi in 1969 and was the leader of the Indian delegation to the Quin-quennial Conference of the World Council for the Welfare of the Blind at Rome in 1959. The Government of India awarded her the fourth highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri in 1974.
The Poljica Statute is the most important historical source for the Republic of Poljica. The statute determined the law of Poljica, which is, by its form, style, content and establishment of social-economic relations, totally different from the rest of Croatian statutes.
It is written in short, picturesque sentences that include the norms of Poljica's society from those regarding the highest political authorities to those that include all Poljicians' interests. Besides the laws written in this statute, the Poljica Statute also contains various decisions and verdicts of authority that, in a few occasions, refer to individuals.
The Poljica Statute was changed as the society of Poljica changed. Another important value of the Poljica Statute is its archaic form, which can be used to study the people from Poljica and those from Croatia in general at the time it was formulated. Typical features of the Poljica Statute are guarantees of freedom but also acceptance of responsibility to protect Poljica.
Ibrahim Ag Bahanga was a Tuareg rebel who fought in several Tuareg rebellions between 1990 and 2011. He was one of the founders of the May 23, 2006 Democratic Alliance for Change, and became the sole leader of the Tuareg rebellion in 2009 after the rest of the ADC signed peace agreements.
Tawuia is a millimetric disc-shaped, most likely multicellular macrofossil from the Neoproterozoic.  It is considered to be synonymous with Chuaria and Longfengshania, which, in turn, are thought to represent different life stages of the same organism.
Tawuia describes a more sausage- or crescent-shaped fossil; Chuaria refers to more discoidal instances.
The fossils are often preserved as organic compressions.  They are considered to represent microbial structures; some authors affiliate them with slime molds
Stratigraphically, they range from 1,630 million years ago to the early Cambrian
Chuaria is multicellular.
Aino Sibelius (née Järnefelt; 10 August 1871 – 8 June 1969) was the wife of Finnish composer Jean Sibelius. They lived most of their 65 years of marriage at their home Ainola near Lake Tuusula, Järvenpää, Finland. They had six daughters: Eva (1893–1978), Ruth (1894–1976), Kirsti (1898–1900), Katarina (1903–1984), Margareta (1908–1988) and Heidi (1911–1982).  


Nick Besler (born May 7, 1993) is an American professional soccer player.
The grey-eyed greenlet (Hylophilus amaurocephalus) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae.
It is found in Bolivia and Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
Zanshin (Japanese: 残心) is a state of awareness; of relaxed alertness, in Japanese martial arts. A literal translation of zanshin is "remaining mind".
In several martial arts, zanshin refers specifically to the body's posture after a technique is executed.
Vyacheslav Ivanovskiy (also "Viacheslav"; born August 14, 1975, Russia, Novosibirsk) is a Russian former Olympic weightlifter.
Albert Malaspina (1160/1165–1206/1212), called Alberto Moro ("the Moor") and lo marches putanier ("the whoring marquess"), was a member of the illustrious Malaspina family. He was a noted troubadour and patron of troubadours. Albert disputes with Peire de la Caravana the position of earliest native Italian troubadour.
He was a son of Obizzo I the Great and husband of a daughter of William V of Montferrat. His brother-in-law Boniface I of Montferrat and his nephews Corrado (Conrad) and Guglielmo (William) were all enthusiastic patrons of troubadours. He was renowned for his bravery, generosity, courtliness, and learning. He composed a tenso with Raimbaut de Vaqueiras that begins Ara'm digatz Raimbaut, si vos agrada. Though this is the only work of his to survive, the author of his vida compliments his couplets, cansos, and sirventes.
According to Raimbaut, in his famous "epic letter" Valen marques, senher de Monferrat, in the 1170s Albert abducted Saldina de Mar, a daughter of a prominent Genoese family only to have her rescued by Boniface of Montferrat who restored her to her lover, Ponset d'Aguilar.
Albert's wife was possibly the trobairitz known only as Ysabella.
The 2015 French Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 119th edition of the French Open and the second Grand Slam event of the year. It took place at the Stade Roland Garros from 24 May to 7 June and consisted of events for professional players in singles, doubles and mixed doubles play. Junior and wheelchair players also took part in singles and doubles events.
Rafael Nadal was the five-time defending champion in the Men's Singles, but lost to Novak Djokovic in the quarter finals. Stan Wawrinka won his first French Open title, defeating Djokovic in the final. Maria Sharapova was defending the Women's Singles title, but lost to Lucie Šafářová in the fourth round. Serena Williams defeated Šafářová in the final and won her third French Open title, 20th Grand Slam singles title, and third Career Grand Slam.


George Grigorovici or Gheorghe Grigorovici (4 May 1871 – 18 July 1950) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian politician.
Rüdiger Bernhardt (born 8 September 1940) is a German Germanist and Scandinavist.
Born in Dresden, Bernhardt was a Germanist at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg until 1993. Among other things he dealt with works by Peter Hille, among them with the Seegesicht.
As unofficial collaborator (IME) under the code name "Faust", he provided the Stasi with expert opinions on manuscripts by authors for many years; he thus influenced printing permission procedure of the censorship in East Germany. As a result of an evaluation of a text by Detlef Opitz by the Stasi secret expert, the Opitz text was not printed and led to State reprisals. Bernhardt worked as a Stasi-IM from 1976 to 1989. The files contain 13 typewritten reports, 41 tape copies, 49 oral reports and 60 meeting reports of the agent handling by him. In addition to his expert reports, he reported on the German Studies/Art Studies Section at the University of Halle and on more than 30 persons.
Bernhardt is a member of the Leibniz-Sozietät der Wissenschaften zu Berlin
The 2012 Supercopa Argentina Final was the 1st edition of the Supercopa, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Argentine Primera División and Copa Argentina competitions. 
The match was held in the Estadio Bicentenario of Catamarca, where Arsenal de Sarandí beat Boca Juniors via penalty shoot-out, winning their first Supercopa title.
Adam Stronach was an English Christian missionary who opened a settlement in Manistee County,  in the U.S. state of Michigan. The settlement was first called "Paggeotville" and was renamed Stronach, when Stronach and his brother John built a sawmill in 1841. David Stronach and his son Adam Stronach arrived to the area in a schooner through the Manistee River.
One Oclarit (born Onecimo Oclarit in 1951), usually known as One, is a blind Filipino lyricist, pianist, composer and hymnist best known for his Cebuano Christian hymns.
To this day, the vast majority of Visayan hymnals contain his work. Boholano churchgoers are familiar with "Sulod Kamo Nga Malipayon," "Ania Kita Nagsaulog," "Dayegon Ta Ang Ginoo," "Ania Kami Ginoo" and "Dawata O Ginoo," used before the start of the mass. Other songs by One are "Ang Tawo Mamatay Gayud," "Bisan Pa Man," "Kanunay Buhi ang Kinabuhi," "Pamatia O Ginoo" and "Tawo Ayaw Kalimot sa Abog ka Gikan", sung during requiem mass.
His composition "Señor San Jose" is sung anywhere in the world where there are Visayan devotees of Saint Joseph.
Abdullah Khattab  (Arabic: عبد الله خطاب; born 9 November 1994) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al-Najma as a winger. 
On 7 October 2020, Khattab joined Al-Adalah on loan. On 25 June 2023, Khattab joined Hajer. On 19 July 2024, Khattab joined Al-Najma.
Mulatu Astatke (Amharic: ሙላቱ አስታጥቄ, romanized: mulatu ästaṭḳe; French pronunciation: Astatqé; born 19 December 1943) is an Ethiopian musician and arranger considered as the father of "Ethio-jazz".
Born in Jimma, Mulatu was musically trained in London, New York City, and Boston where he combined his jazz and Latin music interests with traditional Ethiopian music. Mulatu led his band while playing vibraphone and conga drums—instruments that he introduced into Ethiopian popular music—as well as other percussion instruments, keyboards, and organs. His albums focus primarily on instrumental music, and Mulatu appears on all three known albums of instrumentals that were released during the Ethiopian Golden Age of Music in 1970s.
The 1959 Pan American Games, officially known as the III Pan American Games, were a continental multi-sport event held in Chicago, United States, from August 27 to September 7, 1959. At the Games, 2,263 athletes selected from 25 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated in events in 18 sports. Nineteen nations earned medals during the competition, and eleven won at least one gold medal.
Kōgen-ji (向原寺, also written 広厳寺) is a Buddhist temple in Asuka, Nara Prefecture, Japan. It is affiliated with Jōdo Shinshū Buddhism. It is one of the Twenty-five Kansai flower temples.
Jacques François Moubandje (born 21 June 1990) is a professional footballer who most recently played as a left back for Swiss club Sion. Born in Cameroon, he represented the Switzerland national team.
Çınarbaşı is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Hassa, Hatay Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds and had a population of 498 in 2022.
Tamworth Town Hall is a municipal building in Market Street, Tamworth, Staffordshire, England. The town hall, which is the meeting place of Tamworth Borough Council is a Grade II* listed building.
Manathoor is a small village in Kottayam district, aside Pala - Thodupuzha Highway, 12 km from Palai town and 15 km from Thodupuzha town.
It lies aside of Main Eastern Highway (SH-8). It lies In eastern part of Kottayam District and shares its north-eastern border with Idukki District.
It is also known as Pizhaku.


The tyrT operon is a series of genes encoding the tRNA for tyrosine in Escherichia coli. It is activated in response to amino acid starvation.
HMS Havannah was a Royal Navy 36-gun fifth-rate frigate. She was launched in 1811 and was one of twenty-seven Apollo-class frigates. She was cut down to a 24-gun sixth rate in 1845, converted to a training ship in 1860, and sold for breaking up in 1905.
Wrightsville is an unincorporated community in Fairfield Township, Madison County, Ohio, United States. It is located at 39°51′40″N 83°14′50″W, at the intersection of Ohio State Route 665 and Georgesville-Wrightsville Road, approximately four miles north of Kiousville. Some national maps mistakenly show Wrightsville in Franklin County.
The Wrightsville Post Office was established on January 23, 1888, but was discontinued on January 15, 1901.  The mail service is now sent through the Georgesville branch.
Cliff Jordan is an album by American jazz saxophonist Clifford Jordan recorded on June 2, 1957 and released on Blue Note later that year. The septet features horn section Lee Morgan, Curtis Fuller and John Jenkins, and rhythm section Ray Bryant, Paul Chambers and Art Taylor.
Ateronon is a nutraceutical composed of lactolycopene, a combination of lycopene from tomato oleoresin and a whey protein matrix which increases the absorption / bioavailability of lycopene.
A report containing data on Ateronon was presented at the British Cardiovascular Society Conference in June 2014.


Dmitry Anatolievich Sabinin (1889–1951) – Soviet botanist, plant physiologist, Vice-Rector (1923–1924), Head of the Department of Plant Physiology (1924–1929) of Perm University, Head of the Department of Plant Physiology of Moscow State University (1932–1948), Head of the Laboratory of the Institute of Plant Physiology of the USSR Academy of Sciences (1938–1941).
Carronbridge is a village in the parish of Morton in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.  The village is at the junction of the A76 and A702 roads approximately 1 mile (2 km) north of Thornhill.  The hamlet of Enterkinfoot lies slightly to the north. To the west of the village the Carron Water flows into the River Nith.  Carronbridge Sawmill is in the village and is a Category B listed building built in the 1850s for the Duke of Buccleuch's Drumlanrig estate.
Carronbridge station on the 'Nith Valley' line was located near the hamlet of Enoch and is also the site of the Carronbridge railway viaduct. The line remains open to passenger and freight traffic. A resident is David Vernon, known for his long-distance running and appearance on the Channel 4 show 'Countdown'. 
South of the village are the remains of a Roman temporary camp. Adjacent to it is an indigenous farming enclosure, which appears to have been occupied in the Roman period. This is an interesting, possibly unique, example of a Roman fort co-existing with a native settlement.


Kigeli V Ndahindurwa (born Jean-Baptiste Ndahindurwa; 29 June 1936 – 16 October 2016) was the last ruling King (Mwami) of Rwanda, from 28 July 1959 until the end of the UN-mandate with Belgian administration and the declaration of an independent Republic of Rwanda 1 July 1962. On 25 September 1961, a referendum voted for the abolition of the Rwandan monarchy following the Rwandan Revolution.
After a brief period of moveabouts after leaving Rwanda, the titular King lived in exile during the final part of his life in the town of Oakton, Virginia, United States. In exile, he was known for heading the King Kigeli V Foundation, an organisation promoting humanitarian work for Rwandan refugees. He was also notable for his activities in maintaining the dynastic, cultural heritage of his formerly reigning royal house, including noble titles, dynastic orders of chivalry and other distinctions.
After the king's death, a successor was said to be shortly revealed. In January 2017, it was announced that Yuhi VI would succeed him. Yuhi VI is the nephew of both the late King Kigeli V and the previous King Mutara III, as well as a grandson of King Yuhi V.
Florentin (Hebrew: פלורנטין) is a neighborhood in the southern part of Tel Aviv, Israel, named for Solomon Florentin, a Greek Jew who purchased the land in the late 1920s. Development of the area was spurred by its proximity to the Jaffa–Jerusalem railway.
Florentin was initially populated primarily by poor Sephardic Jewish immigrants from North Africa, Bulgaria, Turkey, Greece, and Bukhara. As with much of south Tel Aviv, for many decades it suffered from urban decay and poverty. By the 1960s, the area had declined from a working-class area to a slum, as the original residents moved out. However, since the 1990s and 2000s, the area has attracted many younger residents and artists who were first attracted by its lower rents, and the neighborhood is now also associated with a bohemian lifestyle. Florentin now has numerous artists' workshops, cafes, restaurants, markets, and graffiti tours. The area is also an industrial zone and a garment district, where both Jewish and Arab wholesalers buy and sell clothing and furniture.
Perceptual mapping or market mapping is a diagrammatic technique used by asset marketers that attempts to visually display the perceptions of customers or potential customers. The positioning of a brand is influenced by customer perceptions rather than by those of businesses. For example, a business may feel it sells upmarket products of high quality, but if customers view the products as low quality, it is their views which will influence sales. Typically the position of a company's product, product line, or brand is displayed relative to their competition. Perceptual maps, also known as market maps, usually have two dimensions but can be multi-dimensional or use multiple colours to add an extra variable. They can be used to identify gaps in the market and potential partners or merger targets as well as to clarify perceptual problems with a company's product. So, if a business wants to find out where its brand is positioned in the market, it might carry out market research. This will help them to find out how the customers sees their brand in relation to others in the market.
Wanning, or in local Hainanese dialect as Ban Ning, is a county-level city in the southeast of Hainan Province, China. Although called a "city", Wanning refers to both the county seat and to the entire county as a whole. The county-wide area has an estimated population of 65,871 (2006).


Pajamas is a 1927 American comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and written by William Conselman and Malcolm Stuart Boylan. The film stars Olive Borden, Lawrence Gray, J.J. Clark and Jerry Miley. The film was released on October 23, 1927, by Fox Film Corporation.
Tara Summers (born 19 December 1979) is an English actress.
Summers was educated at Heathfield St Mary's School, in Berkshire. She later attended Brown University, where she graduated with a B.A. in history in 2001. Her grandmother was Fritzi Gordon, an Austrian-born WBF World Grand Master bridge player with four world titles.
Summers has written and starred in a one-woman theatrical show, Gypsy of Chelsea. The play is the story of her childhood, charting her mother's turbulent journey from cocaine addiction to recovery.
She has appeared in several films, including Factory Girl in 2006. In 2007 and 2008, Summers starred on TV as Katie Lloyd on Boston Legal.
Summers was the director in the video for Snow Patrol's 2011 single "Called Out in the Dark". She also appeared in the first half of the first season of The CW's mystery drama series Ringer.  In 2014, she appeared as Leanne Zander in the Fox dramedy series Rake.
Elias Vattis (born February 28, 1986, in Cyprus) is a  Cypriot midfielder who plays for Karmiotissa. He started his career in AEL Limassol.
Mitchell Wade Meluskey (born September 18, 1973) is a retired professional baseball player. He played all or parts of five seasons in Major League Baseball, between 1998 and 2003, for the Houston Astros and Detroit Tigers, primarily as a catcher.
Moczydła [mɔˈt͡ʂɨdwa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jakubów, 12 km (7 mi) north-east of Mińsk Mazowiecki, and 49 km (30 mi) east of Warsaw.
Erin Gehen is an American ice hockey forward, currently playing with the Buffalo Beauts of the National Women's Hockey League (NWHL).
NRJ Music Awards 2009 is a 2008 compilation album by NRJ.
"Here Without You" is a song by American rock band 3 Doors Down. The power ballad was released on July 28, 2003, as the third single from the band's second studio album, Away from the Sun (2002). The song reached No. 5 on the US Billboard Hot 100 in November 2003 and was certified double platinum in the US for shipping over 2,000,000 units. It was also successful around the world, peaking at No. 2 in Australia and reaching the top 10 in Denmark, the Netherlands, and New Zealand.
Chlormadinone caproate (CMC) is a progestin and a progestogen ester which was studied for potential use in combined injectable contraceptives but was never marketed. It was assessed in combination with estradiol valerate at doses of 80 mg and 3 mg, respectively. In addition to chlormadinone acetate (CMA), analogues of CMC include gestonorone caproate, hydroxyprogesterone caproate, medroxyprogesterone caproate, megestrol caproate, and methenmadinone caproate.
WHO Disease Staging System for HIV Infection and Disease was first produced in 1990 by the World Health Organization and updated in 2007. It is an approach for use in resource limited settings and is widely used in Africa and Asia and has been a useful research tool in studies of progression to symptomatic HIV disease. Most of these conditions are opportunistic infections that are easily treated in healthy people. The staging system is different for adults and adolescents and children.
Stage I: HIV disease is asymptomatic and not categorized as AIDS.
Stage II: include minor mucocutaneous manifestations and recurrent upper respiratory tract infections.
Stage III: includes unexplained chronic diarrhea for longer than a month, severe bacterial infections and pulmonary tuberculosis.
Stage IV: includes toxoplasmosis of the brain, candidiasis of the esophagus, trachea, bronchi or lungs and Kaposi's sarcoma; these diseases are used as indicators of AIDS.
Hurricane Beatriz was a Category 1 hurricane that killed four people after brushing the western coast of Mexico in June 2011. The second named storm and hurricane of the 2011 Pacific hurricane season, Beatriz originated from an area of disturbed weather on June 19, several hundred miles south of Mexico, and gradually intensified. Gaining latitude, the system became increasingly organized and reached hurricane status on the evening of June 20. The following morning, Beatriz attained winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) as it passed roughly 15 mi (20 km) of Mexico. Due to its interaction with land, the hurricane abruptly weakened hours later. Early on June 22, Beatriz dissipated over open waters. Prior to Beatriz's arrival in Mexico, hurricane watches and warnings were issued for coastal areas. Hundreds of shelters opened across the states of Colima and Guerrero. Heavy rains from the storm triggered significant flooding along the Sabana River in Acapulco, killing four people. However, the overall effects of Beatriz were limited and the rains were largely beneficial in mitigating a severe drought.
Stewart Hutton (born 13 November 1969) is a former English cricketer.  Hutton was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace.  He was born at Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham.
Hutton made his debut for Durham in the 1991 Minor Counties Championship, playing in three matches in the competition, against Northumberland, Norfolk and Suffolk.  He recorded two half centuries in these matches.  He was one of the few players retained by Durham who had played minor counties cricket following their elevation to first-class status for the 1992 season.  He made his first-class debut midway through that season against Essex in the County Championship.  He made eight first-class appearances in that season, scoring 406 runs at an average of 27.06.  He made two half centuries, with his highest score of 78 coming in his second match against Sussex at Horsham.  He also made his List A debut in that season against Warwickshire at Edgbaston in the Sunday League.  He made two further appearances in that format in 1992, against Glamorgan and Worcestershire.
The Swing Kings: A Tribute to Benny Goodman is a jazz tribute album led by Bucky Pizzarelli and Ray Kennedy, dedicated to Benny Goodman and released by Victoria Records in 2005.
Chingolo is a 1940 Argentine film.
TED may refer to:
The Northumbrian Gathering is an annual gathering held in Morpeth, Northumberland celebrating the traditional culture of Northumberland and the wider North East region. The gathering is held over a weekend in mid April and celebrates music, dance, crafts and dialects of the county, including reenactments of famous events including battles, exhibitions, competitions and workshops. The Border Cavalcade and Pageant through the town happens ever year and draws crowds. The 50th gathering took place in 2017, and consisted of several traditional dances, workshops, musical performances, a barn dance and the Border Cavalcade and Pageant.
Love Game is a 2009 Japanese TV series by Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation.
The 13 episodes take the premise of a game organized by the lead character Himuro Sae (played by Yumiko Shaku), with the supporting role of the "mystery woman" (played by Japanese actress Yuki) in a different persona in each episode.
The Faculty of Applied Sciences oversees four departments at the Wayamba University of Sri Lanka.
Thomas Sovereign Gates Jr. (April 10, 1906 – March 25, 1983) was an American politician and diplomat who served as Secretary of Defense from 1959 to 1961 and Secretary of the Navy from 1957 to 1959, both under President Dwight D. Eisenhower. During his tenure as Secretary of Defense, he established a task force to set nuclear target priorities. He also authorized U-2 reconnaissance flights, including the flight of Francis Gary Powers.
Later in his career, he served as the Chief of the U.S. Liaison Office in Beijing, appointed by President Gerald Ford.
Rob Goossens (b. Schriek, 1943) pseudonym Rob Goswin is a Belgian artist and poet.
He is a teacher at the Royal Technical Athenaeum in Westerlo. In 1968, he founded, together with painter Jef Van Grieken and writer-actor Gerd de Ley, the magazine Rimschi. He was also editor of the magazine Impuls and currently editor of Imago.
Stree Teri Kahani (transl. The Story of a Woman) was a show on DD National with a total of 743 episodes. It starred Ravi Dubey, Namrata Thapa, Meher Vij, Nikhil Khera, Snigdha Pandey and Sonica Handa. It was produced by Saira Banu, directed by Suneel Prasad and written by Shaheen. It was broadcast from 12:30-1:00 pm, Monday through Friday. The show launched on 21 August 2006, ran continuously for four years and ended in 2009. Due to high viewership (TRPS) and positive response, DD National made a repeated telecast at 2010 which ran until 14 November 2013. The series ran from 2006 to 2009.
Noke is a culinary term used by the Māori of New Zealand to refer to earthworms. Some types of native worms (called noke whiti and noke kurekure in Māori) are historically local delicacies reserved for chiefs because of their sweet flavour, which was said to "remain in the mouth for two days". Another notable kind of worm, the noke waiū  (possibly Octochaetus multiporus), was prized as eel fishing bait due to its large size and bioluminescence. Noke has more recently become a popular trend at certain New Zealand wild food festivals, where it is often served in modern fusion dishes such as worm sushi and chocolate truffles with crystallized worm.
According to Māori mythology, the trickster Māui once transformed himself into a noke worm in order to crawl into the womb of the underworld goddess Hine-nui-te-pō and gain everlasting life. Due to its having characteristics of both males and females, it was considered divine.
Tony Labat (born 1951) is a Cuban-born American multimedia artist, installation artist, and professor. He has exhibited internationally, developing a body of work in performance, video, sculpture and installation. Labat's work has dealt with investigations of the body, popular culture, identity, urban relations, politics, and the media.
Romeyn de Hooghe (bapt. 10 September 1645 – 10 June 1708) was a late Dutch Baroque painter, sculptor, engraver and caricaturist.
Western American Art includes artistic work which depicts the subjects related to the Western American region, and was treated as impoverished, unwanted and unworthy art before the twentieth century, during which period it achieved respectability as a rewarding region for studying. The term holds a characteristic of narration that is different from the Modern art which focuses on abstraction. For the narration, Western American art focuses on subject than style. Considering as a national art, the subjects are distinct from the European art, namely, there is no elements from other region like Europe. Cowboys and Indians are two well-known subjects and they consist the important part of artistic work of Western American art, demonstrating the daily life and activities of cowboys and American Indian in western American.
The development of Western American art was affected by the social, political and also economic factors in American society. On the one hand, these factors helped it developed, like the era of U.S. westward expansion; on the other hand, the progress of western American art was also restrained by them, like the industrial development, which spread the modern lifestyle in the West. Western American Art experienced both prosperous and unvalued period during the art history.
Lieutenant Frederick Ernest Luff was an American flying ace during World War I. He was credited with five aerial victories, and awarded the British Distinguished Flying Cross.
Although he survived the war, he was injured in an air accident in May 1919 at Lorain, Ohio. He subsequently lived an invalid's life before expiring at home in Cleveland, Ohio in late April 1931.
Satoru Suzuki (鈴木 悟, Suzuki Satoru, born July 19, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.
Kelley Potenza is an American politician. She serves as a Republican member for the Strafford 19th district of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
Sir Thomas Skipwith, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1652 – 15 June 1710) was a Member of Parliament, and theatrical manager in London in the late 17th and early 18th century.
Thomas Patrick O'Connor (31 October 1939 – 18 July 2021) was a British comedian, television presenter, and actor. Originally a comedian in working men's clubs, he progressed to hosting TV game shows such as Crosswits, The Zodiac Game, Name That Tune, Password and Gambit.
Macroglossum amoenum is a moth of the  family Sphingidae. It is known from South-East Asia, including Indonesia and Malaysia.
American Samoa competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, China from 16 August to 28 August 2014.
Etelis coruscans, commonly known as the longtail snapper or deep-water red snapper, is a species of snapper found in the Pacific and Indian oceans. It is a valuable commercial species, and lives quite deep – from 210 to 300 m (690 to 980 ft). It is a long-lived species that grows and matures slowly. In Hawai'i the fish is widely known as onaga. When eaten, it has a mild flavour and pale pink flesh.
"Love Is a Bridge" is a song by Australian band Little River Band, released in April 1988 as the lead single from the group's tenth studio album, Monsoon. The song peaked at number 6 on the Australian Australian Music Report singles chart. The music video features Australian actor Marcus Graham.
Calystegia macrostegia, with the common names island false bindweed and island morning glory, is a species of morning glory in the family Convolvulaceae.
The 2018 Rugby Europe Women's Conference is the third division of the 2018 season of the Rugby Europe Women's Sevens. The tournament will be held in Zagreb, Croatia on 8–9 June, with the two highest-placing teams promoted to the 2019 Trophy.
Christian devotional literature (also called devotionals or Christian living literature) is religious writing that Christian individuals read for their personal growth and spiritual formation.
Om Singh Rathore (also called Shri Om Banna and Bullet Baba) is a folk deity, whose shrine and temple called Om Banna Dham is located in Pali district near Jodhpur, India, devoted to him and his motorcycle. It is located 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Pali and 53 kilometres (33 mi) away from Jodphur on the Pali-Jodhpur highway, near Chotila village. The motorcycle is a 350cc Royal Enfield Bullet RNJ 7773.
Hundreds of devotees turn up every day to pray for a safe journey.
"Go" is a song by American rock band Pearl Jam, released in October 1993 as the first single from the band's second studio album, Vs. (1993). Although credited to all members of Pearl Jam, it features lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music primarily written by drummer Dave Abbruzzese. The song peaked at number three on the US Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart and reached the top five in New Zealand and Norway. "Go" received a Grammy nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 1995 Grammy Awards. The song was included on Pearl Jam's 2004 greatest hits album, rearviewmirror (Greatest Hits 1991–2003).
The invasion of Chiquitos was a military expedition carried out by Brazilian forces from the Mato Grosso province of the Empire of Brazil against the Republic of Bolívar. It is said to be a display of force for Simón Bolívar not to support the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata (present-day Argentina) in the ongoing Cisplatine War, although the province acted independently from the central government in Rio de Janeiro without its knowledge or consent.
Matthew Brett Cumberland (born June 25, 1995) is an American professional baseball catcher who is a free agent.
Heinrich von Wild or Heinrich Wild I (1833–1902) was a Swiss meteorologist and physicist who established a modern meteorological system throughout the Russian empire and developed meteorological instruments. He contributed significantly to international scientific collaboration in the fields of metrology and meteorology as a representative of Russia at the Paris diplomatic Conference which resulted in the Metre Convention of 1875, then as a member of the International Committee of Weights and Measures and as president of the International Meteorological Organization from 1879 to 1896.
Riccardo Nowak (25 December 1879 – 18 February 1950) was an Italian épée, foil and sabre fencer who took part in the 1908 Olympic Games in London.
"The Answer" is a song by British recording artist Example. It was released as a single on 19 January 2018. The song was written and produced by Example himself with the collaboration of Raoul "Diztortion" Chen and was included in BBC Radio 1's "New Music Friday" playlist.
Esperanzas is the second album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released on June 28, 1980, on Discos Gamma as well as Profono Internacional.
The International Financial Services Commission (IFSC) is the Belize government agency responsible for financial regulation.  It is responsible for regulating all financial market participants, exchanges and the setting and enforcing of financial regulations. A number of international online forex brokers obtain their international license from IFSC.
Fernand Fabre (1899–1987) was a French stage, television and film actor.
During World War II, a series of Japanese air attacks on the Mariana Islands took place between November 1944 and January 1945. These raids targeted United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) bases and sought to disrupt the bombing of Japan by Boeing B-29 Superfortress heavy bombers operating from the islands. The Japanese lost 37 aircraft during this operation, but destroyed 11 B-29s and damaged a further 43. Preparations were also made for commando raids on the bases in early and mid-1945 but these did not go ahead.
While the attacks on the Mariana Islands did not seriously disrupt the USAAF air campaign, they had an effect on other American operations. After determining that the Japanese raiders were staging through Iwo Jima, American forces stepped up their attacks on that island. While the decision to invade Iwo Jima had been made before the raids commenced, stopping the attacks formed part of the justification for the landing. In addition, further air defense units were deployed to the Mariana Islands to protect the B-29 bases.
Alan Emanuel Pierson (born May 12, 1974, Chicago, Illinois) is an American conductor.  His parents are Elaine Pierson and Edward S. Pierson, the latter an engineering professor at Purdue University Calumet. In Chicago Pierson took piano and composition lessons at the People's Music School, graduating high school at Francis W. Parker. Pierson is a 1996 graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with degrees in music and physics.  At MIT, he was a timpanist and an assistant conductor with the MIT Symphony Orchestra, and also a composer.
Pierson continued his studies in music at the Eastman School of Music, where he was a co-founder of the new music ensemble Ossia. Subsequently, he was a co-founder of the related new music ensemble Alarm Will Sound, which gave its first concert in 2001.  Pierson became the first music director of Alarm Will Sound in the same year, and continues to serve in the post.
In January 2011, Pierson was named the artistic director of the former Brooklyn Philharmonic. When the orchestra suspended operations in 2013 his contract was not renewed. Pierson also serves as principal conductor of the Crash Ensemble in Ireland, and has guest conducted with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Chicago Symphony, Los Angeles Opera, New World Symphony, Orchestra of St. Luke's, Beth Morrison Projects, and  Symphoniker Hamburg.
Pierson has resided in New York City since 2002. He is currently on faculty at Northwestern University and conducts at Mannes College.
In February 2013, Pierson was featured on the Radiolab episode "Speedthoven".


Selene brevoortii, the hairfin look down, also known as the airfin lookdown, Mexican lookdown or Pacific lookdown, is a species of carangid fish native to warmer parts of the East Pacific where it is found from southernmost California, United States to northern Peru (occasionally south as far as Chile). This species is generally found close to the coast at depths of less than 50 m (160 ft).  They grow to 38 cm (15 in)  in fork length.  It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries, but is popular as a gamefish. Its specific name honours the American book collector, numismatist, amateur naturalist and friend of Theodore N. Gills J. Carson Brevoort (1817-1887) for his interest in the fishes of the family Carangidae.
Season 1880–81 was the sixth season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the sixth time.
Scrofuloderma is a skin condition caused by tuberculous involvement of the skin by direct extension, usually from underlying tuberculous lymphadenitis.: 335 


Judy Wajcman,   is the Anthony Giddens Professor of Sociology at the London School of Economics and Political Science. She is the Principal Investigator of the Women in Data Science and AI project at The Alan Turing Institute. She is also a visiting professor at the Oxford Internet Institute. Her scholarly interests encompass the sociology of work, science and technology studies, gender theory, and organizational analysis. Her work has been translated into French, German, Greek, Italian, Korean, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Chinese and Spanish. Prior to joining the LSE in 2009, she was a Professor of Sociology in the Research School of Social Sciences at the Australian National University. She was the first woman to be appointed the Norman Laski Research Fellow (1978–80) at St. John's College, Cambridge. In 1997 she was elected Fellow of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia.
Wajcman was President of the  Society for the Social Studies of Science (2009-2011), and is the recipient of the William F. Ogburn Career Achievement Award of the American Sociological Association (2013). She received an honorary doctorate from the University of Geneva (2015) and was elected a Fellow of the British Academy (2016). Her book Pressed for Time is the (2017) winner of the Ludwik Fleck prize of the Society for Social Studies of Science. In 2018, she received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Oxford Internet Institute. In 2021, she was awarded the John Desmond Bernal prize by the Society for Social Studies of Science.
The following elections occurred in the year 1945.
Mossgiel County is one of the 141 cadastral divisions of New South Wales, Australia. Waverley Creek is the boundary to the south. It includes Trida.
Mossgiel County appears to have been named from the nearby Mossgiel Station.
FC Moush Charentsavan (Armenian: Ֆուտբոլային Ակումբ Մուշ Չարենցավան), is defunct Armenian football club from Charentsavan, Kotayk Province. They played their home games at the Charentsavan City Stadium which has a capacity of 5,000 spectators. 
The club was dissolved in 1994 and is currently inactive from professional football.
Southington Township is one of the twenty-four townships of Trumbull County, Ohio, United States.  The 2020 census found 3,731 people in the township.
Los Presidentes station is a metro station located on Line 4 of the Santiago Metro in Santiago, Chile. It lies on the junction of Vespucio Sur Freeway and Los Presidentes Avenue. The station has disabled access. It is the northernmost ground-level station on the line, before going underground heading towards the center of the city.
The area around the station is predominantly residential to the west and dominated by the Cousiño Macul vineyard to the east.
The station was opened on 2 March 2006 as part of the connection between Grecia and Vicente Valdés.
Wrath of a Mad God is a fantasy novel by American writer Raymond E. Feist. It is the third and final book in the Darkwar Saga and was published in 2008. It was preceded by Into a Dark Realm which was published in 2006. It was originally meant to be published on September 3, 2007.
The McClaine House is a historic building located in Guttenberg, Iowa, United States.  This two-story brick structure has historically been a combination residence and commercial building.  Sanborn maps list the commercial space as housing: a barber shop (1886), cigar factory (1902), and swelling (1928).  The second floor is four bays wide, while the main floor is three bays.  The middle two windows on the top floor each have a small window located above.  Across the top of the structure there is a plain cornice that is enhanced by modillion blocks.  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Neil Andrew Heaney (born 3 November 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger.
Heaney began his career with top-flight club Arsenal before making 61 appearances in the Premier League for Southampton. He played in the Football League for Manchester City, Hartlepool United, Cambridge United, Charlton Athletic, Bristol City, Darlington and Plymouth Argyle, and also had a spell in the Scottish Premier League with Dundee United.
He was capped six times by England U21 in 1992.
Vermelho Velho is a village in the municipality of Raul Soares, state of Minas Gerais, in Brazil.
Andrés Gerardo Mendoza Rivera (born 26 December 1995) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a midfielder.
The 1993–94 UMass Minutemen basketball team represented the University of Massachusetts Amherst during the 1993–94 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Minutemen, led by sixth year head coach John Calipari, played their home games at William D. Mullins Memorial Center and were members of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 28-7, 14-2 in A-10 play to finish in first place.
The 2021 Formula Regional European Championship by Alpine was a multi-event, Formula 3 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across Europe. The championship featured a mix of professional and amateur drivers, competing in Formula 3 cars that conform to the FIA Formula 3 regulations for the championship. This was the third season of the championship and the first after a merger with Formula Renault Eurocup which resulted to the change of the engine supplier to Alpine.
The season commenced on 17 April at Imola Circuit and concluded on 31 October at Autodromo Nazionale di Monza, after ten rounds.
Swiss driver Grégoire Saucy, driving for ART Grand Prix, took the drivers' title in Round 9 at Mugello.
The Waseda University Cheerleading Club (早稲田大学応援部, Waseda Daigaku Ōenbu) is the cheerleading club of Waseda University in Japan. It cheers for the sports clubs of Waseda University.
Hovid Berhad (Chinese: 何人可有限公司; MYX: 7213) is a Malaysian health care provider and pharmaceutical company. It was founded in the early 1940s. The company's headquarters are located in Ipoh, the capital city of Perak state, Malaysia. It was formerly known as Ho Yan Hor Sdn Bhd (Chinese: 何人可私人有限公司).
Hovid manufactures primarily generic drugs such as antihistamines, antibiotics, tranquilizers, analgesics, antacids, and diuretics. It also manufactures dietary supplements.  Hovid's products are Halal certified.
Hovid's research and development activities focus on special delivery systems, bio-availability and enhanced formulations.  The company is increasing its efforts in developing pharmaceuticals with unique delivery systems.
Hovid Berhad was publicly listed on the second board of Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange (KLSE) on April 5, 2005 and was transferred to the main board on June 20, 2006.
Hovid's products are marketed in more than 50 countries. The company claims it was the first to introduce Malaysian generic drugs overseas in the 1990s.
Jimmy Cooper (1907–1977) was a hammered dulcimer player from Scotland.
Cooper was born in Coatbridge, Scotland, near Glasgow.  He started to play the dulcimer around age twelve, and gained a lot of experience by playing in dance halls and busking in the early 1920s.  Over the course of his life he worked at various jobs, including driving buses, driving an ambulance for a children's home, and running a dance band.  His repertoire included traditional Irish and Scottish tunes, pop tunes, show tunes, and more.  He was "discovered" as part of the folk revival in the early 1970s, and helped inspire players of the younger generation such as John McCutcheon and Malcolm Dalglish.  McCutcheon described Cooper as "the most complete dulcimer player" he had met.
Brdo (pronounced [ˈbəɾdɔ]) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
"Suffocate" is a song by American R&B singer J. Holiday. It is the third single released from his debut album Back of My Lac'. The song was released as a digital download and sent to mainly urban radio stations. "Suffocate" debuted at number 96 on the Billboard and eventually peaked at number 18.
This article displays the qualifying draw for the Men's Singles at the 2005 French Open.
Gary Carr may refer to:

Gary Carr (politician) (born 1955), politician in Ontario, Canada
Gary Carr (actor) (born 1986), English actor, dancer and musician
Gary Carr (video game developer), an English video game developer
Tichborne is a village and civil parish 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Winchester in Hampshire, England.
"Touch My Body" is a 2008 song by Mariah Carey.
Touch My Body may also refer to:

"Touch My Body", a song by Sistar from the 2014 EP Touch N Move
"Touch My Body", a song by Slayyyter from the 2019 mixtape Slayyyter
British Expeditionary Force (BEF) may refer to:

British Expeditionary Force (World War I), the British field force sent to France in World War I
British Expeditionary Force (World War II), the British field force sent to France in World War II
Yūto Yoshida (吉田 雄人, Yoshida Yūto, born 3 December 1975) is a Japanese politician who serves as mayor of Yokosuka, Kanagawa from 10 July 2009.


Excerpts from Eternity is a book presenting a detailed analysis of the structure of Johann Sebastian Bach's renowned Chaconne from his Partita for Violin No. 2, BWV 1004, and explores the essential context of its external and internal forms and proportions. Its full title is The Purification of Time and Character, the Fulfilment of Love and Cooperation with the Celestial Will in Johann Sebastian Bach's Ciaccona for Violin. The authors unravel the secret of the Chaconne; this new remarkable discovery is unique even in the field of art history: a time-code which has been lying dormant for almost 300 years. The book was published in Hungarian, Részletek az örökkévalóságból, and English in 2017.

Barnabás Dukay; Márta Ábrahám. Excerpts from Eternity (2017 hardcover, 148 pages). BioBach-Music Book-and Music Publishing L.P. ISBN 978-963-12-8865-0
Iago Dekanozishvili (born in 1951 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian artist, a graduate of the Tbilisi State Academy of Fine Arts
A winner of numerous International competitions from Paris to Moscow, Mr. Dekanozishvili's art is placed in several museums in Georgia and is part of many private collections in Moscow, St. Petersburg, Paris, Copenhagen, Cologne, Washington, Los Angeles and New York.
Georgian cloisonne enamel is an artistic form which was developed between the years 500 and 1200 AD. Renowned throughout the world as the finest available, Georgian enamelwork was prized for its refined elegance and diversity of artistic forms. The art had been lost since the 12th century, until it was revived by Mr. Iago Dekanozishvili.
Jean-Jacques Dordain (born 14 April 1946) was Director General of the European Space Agency between 2003 and 2015.
Graduating at École Centrale Paris in 1968, Dordain began his scientific career in the French Aerospace Research Agency (ONERA) and later worked as a professor at the National Higher School of Aeronautics and Aerospace in the 1970s and 1980s. He has conducted extensive research in rocket engines and microgravity experiments. He was also a European astronaut candidate.
In 1998 he was Executive Secretary at the Japanese Space Agency (then NASDA, now JAXA) and later started as Director of Launchers at ESA, where he became Director General in July 2003.
He also holds the honorary function of Chancellor of the International Space University.
On 1 July 2015, he was succeeded as Director General of the ESA by Johann-Dietrich Woerner of Germany.
In 2019, Dordain was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to complex space systems and leadership of space exploration programs worldwide.
Hiroshi Tsuchida (土田 大, Tsuchida Hiroshi, born February 8, 1972 in Tokyo) is a Japanese voice actor and live-action actor affiliated with 81 Produce. He frequently dubs character voices from English-speaking films into Japanese for the local market. He is known for his role as Grisha Jaeger in Attack on Titan (2013–2023).
Tsuchida’s performance in a 1995 episode of Ninja Sentai Kakuranger, where his character is surprised by an assassin who exclaims, “Today is Friday in California!” and then attempts to shoot him, became a popular Internet meme in the early 2020’s.


Kenneth Garrity (6 August 1935 – May 2016) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward or full back in the Football League for Accrington Stanley. He also played non-league football for clubs including Chorley and Darwen.


"Speak to Me" is a song by American singer-songwriter Amy Lee recorded for the independent film Voice from the Stone (2017). It was made available for digital download on March 17, 2017. Lee collaborated with the film's score producer Michael Wandmacher and director Eric Dennis Howell, with whom she got acquainted to Voice from the Stone and its plot. Inspired by the film's storyline, which she could relate to as a recent mother, Lee decided to contribute to the soundtrack with an original song. Musically, "Speak to Me" is a piano ballad instrumentally complete with strings, booming drums and cellos, and is lyrically from the perspective of the deceased protagonist communicating to her child. The song was featured in the end credits of the film.
"Speak to Me" received critical acclaim from music critics, who praised Lee's performance, its cinematic sound and poignancy. Lee collaborated with Howell on the music video, which was shot at the same location as the film, in Siena. It serves as a parallel backstory to the film, and features Lee singing and playing the piano near an ancient castle and scenes of her walking in the surroundings with a boy. The visual received positive feedback from critics who felt that it was a fitting accompaniment to the song's overall musical style and the film's tone.
The Golden Monkey Stamp or Gēngshēn Monkey is a postage stamp issued in China in 1980 of which 5 million copies were printed. Although not rare, the stamp has come to symbolise the strong market for collectable postage stamps in Asia. Demand for the stamp has made it one of the most sought after contemporary Chinese stamps.
The 1993 California Angels season involved the Angels finishing fifth in the American League west with a record of 71 wins and 91 losses.
The PWS-4 (PWS - Podlaska Wytwórnia Samolotów - Podlasie Aircraft Factory) was a prototype Polish sports aircraft, developed in 1928 by Podlaska Wytwórnia Samolotów.
João Teixeira da Rocha Pinto (22 March 1876 – 25 November 1917) was a Portuguese military officer who served throughout his career in the administration of Portuguese colonies of Africa. João Pinto bore the nickname The Devil's Chief (Portuguese: Capitão Diabo). He gained distinction for his role in administering the military contingents of Portuguese Mozambique during the late years of World War I. He was killed in action in 1917.
The Zündapp Janus is a microcar model made by Zündapp in Germany between 1957 and 1958, as the only car ever built by the company.
Jonathan Peter Cushing (March 12, 1793 – April 25, 1835) was the fifth president of Hampden–Sydney College.
Kishino (written: 岸野) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Andrew Kishino, (born 1970) Japanese Canadian American voice-over artist and rapper
Katsumi Kishino, Japanese engineer
Kazuhiko Kishino (岸野 一彦, born 1934), Japanese actor and voice actor
Rika Kishino (岸野 里香, born 1994), Japanese singer and idol
Yasuyuki Kishino (岸野 靖之, born 1958), Japanese footballer and manager
Yukimasa Kishino (岸野 幸正, born 1955), Japanese voice actor
Monique Kauffman (born 13 March 1963 in The Hague) is a Dutch road cyclist, track cyclist and speed skater.
North Star is the seventh studio album by Curved Air and was released on 17 March 2014. It was the first studio album of mostly new material since the band reformed in 2008, following 2008's Reborn (mostly re-recordings of material from their first five albums, with two new tracks), 2010's Retrospective (a "best-of" anthology of original recordings from 1970–1976 plus three tracks by MASK) and 2012's Live Atmosphere (live performances from 2010/11).
Malta sent a delegation to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012. This was the country's eighth appearance in a Summer Paralympic Games. The Maltese delegation consisted of a single short-distance swimmer: Matthew Sultana. In his three events, the men's 50 metres freestyle S10, the men's 100 metre butterfly S10 and the men's 100 metre breaststroke SB9, he failed to qualify beyond the first round.
Sunnybrook, also known as the Sunnybrook Park & Ballroom, Sunnybrook Convention Center: Colonial Restaurant, is an historic, American ballroom and restaurant that is located in Lower Pottsgrove Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The Printers' International Specimen Exchange was an influential annual subscription publication for the "technical education of the working printer" that ran from 1880 to 1898. Conceived around the time of the Caxton Celebration of 1877, it was an ambitious expansion of a "Specimens" column then appearing in the Paper & Printing Trades Journal, a widely read trade publication issued by London printers and publishers Field & Tuer and edited by Andrew White Tuer.
The official proposal was made in a letter written in 1879 by Thomas Hailing of the Oxford Printing Works, Cheltenham, to Tuer, who replied that if 100 printers would participate, his firm would handle the arrangements. Printers, and their employees and apprentices, were invited to send in examples of their work in the number of anticipated subscribers for each year. In return, they received a bound, collated set of all specimens accepted. The cost was one shilling (three shillings for American subscribers). For an additional cost, the finished volume was bound in half vellum laced with catgut.

Response to the call for specimens for the first issue exceeded all expectations, and publication, originally announced as biannual, was quickly changed to annual. John Ruskin praised the goals of the project in a letter quoted in the introduction to the first volume, and a copy of Volume VI was accepted by Queen Victoria.
Initially most of the contributions came from Great Britain and the United States, but by the mid-1880s the Exchange included as many as 400 specimens from around the world. For the first three years, Tuer and his editorial assistant, Robert Hilton, commented frankly and often amusingly on each specimen, but with the increase in both number and international participation, detailed critiques became burdensome and, perhaps, politically sensitive. Volumes I–VIII (1880–1887) were published by Field & Tuer at the Leadenhall Press, London, and the content represented both old-style and new "Artistic" printing.
After Volume VIII, Tuer turned publication over to Hilton, who had moved on to become editor of a new journal, the British Printer, published by the firm of Raithby & Lawrence. The Exchange began to decline under Hilton's editorship, leaning heavily toward the new "Leicester Free Style" of typography developed by the firm's foreman Robert Grayson, and the venture ended a few years after Raithby & Lawrence sued Hilton for violating an agreement not to start a competing publication. The last two (much slimmer) volumes each covered two years, with the final one not issued until early 1898, containing only 123 specimens.
At its best, the Printers' International Specimen Exchange taught a generation of printers how to examine learn from printed work, and it inspired similar ventures in Germany, France, and the United States.
Desperate Straights is a collaborative studio album by British avant-rock groups Slapp Happy and Henry Cow. It was recorded at Virgin Records' Manor Studio and Nova Sound Studios in November 1974, and released in February 1975. It was Slapp Happy's second album for Virgin, and they had invited Henry Cow to record with them.
Microcercis is a genus of flies in the family Chloropidae.


Vindiciae contra tyrannos (meaning: "Defences [of liberty] against tyrants") was an influential Huguenot tract published in Basel in 1579. Its author remains uncertain, since it was written under the pseudonym of "Stephen Junius Brutus". Likely candidates for its authorship include Hubert Languet and Philippe de Mornay. In 1931, Gerardina Tjaberta van Ysselsteyn conjectured that the tract was a collaboration between Languet and de Mornay.
The work proceeds through four questions concerning the response of the people to their king. The first two questions are treated briskly and concern whether a people are bound to obey or are able to resist their king when he breaks the divine law. The third and longest question considers whether the people can resist a king on the grounds that he is destroying the commonwealth. 
The answer to each of these questions is an affirmative. The work is interesting for the grounds that it gives a justification for popular resistance. The work merges the theological view of covenant with the legal understanding of contract to show why resistance can be justified in the eyes of the law. However, it stops short of inviting any individual to judge a king. Rather, individuals could only take up arms if they are led by an inferior magistrate (so termed to distinguish them from the superior magistrate, i.e., the king). This shows considerable restraint in the wake of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre and in comparison to other Reformed thinkers such as Christopher Goodman and John Knox. 
The fourth question considers whether foreign princes can legally support a popular rising against a king on the conditions set out in the first three questions.
Scholars have debated the extent to which the tract was influential to Roman and canon law.
Naydene Smith (born 27 August 1987, in Pretoria) is a South African rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair with Lee-Ann Persse. Outside of rowing, she enjoys swimming and sewing.
The German term Donnerbüchse (plural: Donnerbüchsen, formerly Donnerwagen) means "thunderbox" and is the nickname for the four-wheeled, open, passenger coaches, built from 1921 onwards, that served with the Deutsche Reichsbahn. In contrast to their predecessors, they were made entirely of iron or steel. The name comes from the loud rumbling of these coaches as a result of their lack of damping. Even the immediate forerunners of these wagons were given the name despite their wooden construction. In the early days, they were also called  Ackermann'sche Donnerbüchse ("Ackermann's thunderboxes") after the departmental head responsible for them in the Ministry of Transport.
Candace Migail Edwards (born 16 November 1988) is a Tobagonian footballer who played as a midfielder and a forward. She has been a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team, and is record holding, two-time All-American collegiate player.
The War You Don't See is a 2010 British documentary film written, produced and directed by John Pilger with Alan Lowery, which challenges the media for the role they played in the Iraq, Afghanistan, and Israel/Palestine conflicts. The film, which went on nationwide general release on 13 December 2010 (2010-12-13), had its premiere at the Barbican and was aired through Britain's ITV1 on 14 December 2010 (2010-12-14) and later through Australia's SBS One on 10 April 2011 (2011-04-10).
Nan Hayden Agle (born Anna Bradford Hayden; April 13, 1905 – February 14, 2006) was an American children's book writer.
John Wilson McConnell (July 1, 1877 – November 6, 1963) was a Canadian sugar refiner, newspaper publisher, humanitarian and philanthropist in Quebec, Canada.
This is a list of economics films.  Economic film is a genre of film concerned with economics, typically about business, investing, and finance. It covers both fictional and documentary films.
Nasirabad (Urdu: نصِیر آباد)  is a small town in Naseerabad District in the Pakistani province of Balochistan.
Sun Midnight Sun is the second solo album by American singer and fiddle player Sara Watkins.  It was released on May 8, 2012, by Nonesuch Records.  It reached No. 11 on the Billboard Folk Chart and No. 16 on the Heatseekers chart.
Brštica (Serbian Cyrillic: Брштица) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality in Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 1,254 in 2002.
Sessiluncus aegypticus is a species of mite in the family Ologamasidae.
Sina Karimian (born 23 January 1988) is an Iranian kickboxer. He currently competes in K-1, where he was the former K-1 Cruiserweight Champion.
Viktoras Petkus (17 May 1928 – 1 May 2012) was a Lithuanian political activist and Soviet dissident. He was a founding member of the Lithuanian Helsinki Group in 1976 which set out to document violations of human rights in the Soviet Union. For various anti-Soviet activities, Petkus was imprisoned three times in various prisons and Gulag camps by the Soviet authorities.
Morehead Hill Historic District is a national historic district located at Durham, Durham County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 206 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential section of Durham. They were built between the late-19th century and 1950s and include notable examples of Late Victorian, Queen Anne, and Bungalow / American Craftsman style architecture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, with a boundary increase in 2004.
Princess/Princesa is an EP and third CD by MC Magic.
The Casco Bay Mailboat is a sailing vessel, run by Casco Bay Lines, which delivers mail and other items to the residents of the islands of Casco Bay in Maine, United States. It is the longest-running mailboat service in the country, having been in existence since the 1870s. Up until the 1950s, the boat was coal-powered; now it runs on a diesel engine.
Currently undertaken by the Maquoit II, one of Casco Bay Lines' three mail boats, the service runs twice daily. The route takes around three hours and visits five islands: Little Diamond Island, Great Diamond Island, Long Island, Great Chebeague Island and Cliff Island.
Passengers are permitted on the boat, and tourists can alight at Long Island, Great Chebeague Island and Cliff Island; the Diamonds, meanwhile, are private, with no public beaches, facilities or restaurants. If there are ten or more passengers, a route narration is provided. The route takes the boat beside landmarks such as Fort Gorges and Luckse Sound, where ships were torpedoed during World War II.
The mailboat is based at the Maine State Pier and departs at 10.00 AM and 2.15 PM.
Roope Vilhelmi Riski (born 16 August 1991) is a Finnish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Veikkausliiga club Ilves.
He is known as a clinical, well-positioned forward who can get into the right place at the right time. In the middle of the 2010 season, Riski was selected to the opening squad for the first time of his career. Since then he has enjoyed a phenomenal season, starting 12 games and scoring 11 goals. He has the best game/goal ratio in the Veikkausliiga.
Negai Goto Hitotsu Dake (願い事ひとつだけ, lit. "One Only Wish") is the 3rd single of Miho Komatsu released under Amemura O-Town Record label. The single reached #8 rank for first week and sold 44,460 copies. The single charted for 17 weeks and sold totally 294,580 copies.
Adedayo Benjamins-Laniyi (née Olumide, born 1965) is a women rights activist,  master of ceremony and serving politician under Nigeria's ruling party, All Progressives Congress (APC). In 2023 she was appointed by President Bola Tinubu as Mandate Secretary to head the newly created Federal Capital Territory Administration's (FCTA) Women Affairs Secretariat. She is the Grand Matron of ‘Hope Again for FCT Women in Politics', and has played a vital role in encouraging and mentoring women in the political arena in Nigeria.
Phanerophlebia may refer to 

Phanerophlebia (plant) C.Presl 1836, a genus of ferns sometimes included in Polystichum Roth 1800
Phanerophlebia Diakonoff 1957, a subgenus of Cryptophlebia, which is a genus of moths
The 2016–17 Georgia State Panthers women's basketball team represented Georgia State University in the 2016–17 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Panthers, coached by Sharon Baldwin-Tener in her seventh, were a member of the Sun Belt Conference, and played their home games on campus at the GSU Sports Arena. They finished the season 12–18, 8–10 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for seventh place. They lost in the first round of the Sun Belt women's tournament to South Alabama.
Hotel Haywire is a 1937 American comedy film written by Preston Sturges with uncredited rewrites by Lillie Hayward.  It was directed by George Archainbaud and stars Leo Carrillo, Lynne Overman, Spring Byington, Benny Baker and Colette Lyons.
Kunduz Cricket Ground (Pashto: د کندز کرکټ میدان), is a cricket stadium in Kunduz, Afghanistan. It is owned and operated by the Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB).
The ground held its first List A match in the 2024 Ghazi Amanullah Khan Regional One Day Tournament when Maiwand Champions played Pamir Legends.
Sphaerocarpos drewiae is a species of liverwort in the family Sphaerocarpaceae. It is endemic to California, where it is known from San Diego and Riverside Counties. Its common name is bottle liverwort.
This liverwort grows in shady spots in coastal sage scrub habitat. It is associated with another rare endemic liverwort, Geothallus tuberosus. Much of its habitat is near urbanized areas and it is threatened with habitat loss.
The name has occasionally been misspelled in the literature as Sphaerocarpos drewei
The Battle of Kirkuk (Sorani Kurdish: جەنگی کەرکوک) was one of the biggest battles of the 1991 uprisings in Iraq.


The Silkin Test is a UK planning policy designed to control major developments which will affect areas classified as National Parks and Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB).
The three main criteria state that -

it must be in the National interest;
there is no practicable alternative to development in a National Park;
must be built in a way that minimises detrimental effects on the environment.
The test was contained in Planning Policy Statement (PPS) 7: Sustainable Development in Rural Areas (formerly PPG7)
PPS7 has now been replaced by the National Planning Policy Framework (2012), in which paras. 115/116 set out a differently-worded test.
Yanko Daucik Ciboch (22 March 1941 – 13 May 2017) was a Slovak professional footballer during the 1960s and 1970s. Yanko played for Real Betis, Real Madrid, the Toronto Falcons and RCD Español. Daucik is the son of Ferdinand Daučík, the veteran La Liga manager who moved with his family to Spain in 1950.
Daucik made his La Liga debut for Real Betis on 11 September 1960 in a game against RCD Mallorca.  His father was the Betis manager at the time. Yanko scored 14 goals in 38 La Liga appearances for Betis, attracting the interest of Real Madrid who signed him in 1962. However he faced stiff competition from the likes of Alfredo Di Stéfano, Francisco Gento, Ferenc Puskás and Amancio Amaro and during two seasons at Real he only played 10 La Liga games and scored just 3 goals. In the summer of 1966 he played in the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League with Toronto Italia Falcons. He subsequently became one of the first Spanish footballers to play in North America when he played for Toronto Falcons of the 
National Professional Soccer League. This proved to something of a family reunion as Yanko was joined at the club by his father Ferdinand, brother-in-law Ladislao Kubala and nephew Branko Kubala. During the 1967 season Yanko played 17 games, scored 20 goals and made 8 assists for the Falcons and finished as the top scorer in the league.
Daucik died on 13 May 2017 in Madrid at the age of 76.
The women's discus throw event at the 1991 Summer Universiade was held at the Don Valley Stadium in Sheffield on 20 and 21 July 1991.
Pembroke College (officially "The Master, Fellows and Scholars of the College or Hall of Valence-Mary") is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England. The college is the third-oldest college of the university and has over 700 students and fellows. It is one of the university's larger colleges, with buildings from almost every century since its founding, as well as extensive gardens. Its members are termed "Valencians". The college's current master is Chris Smith, Baron Smith of Finsbury.
Pembroke has a level of academic performance among the highest of all the Cambridge colleges; in 2013, 2014, 2016, and 2018 Pembroke was placed second in the Tompkins Table. Pembroke contains the first chapel designed by Sir Christopher Wren and is one of only six Cambridge colleges to have educated a British prime minister, in Pembroke's case William Pitt the Younger. The college library, with a Victorian neo-gothic clock tower, has an original copy of the first encyclopaedia to contain printed diagrams.


The Horace Wilkinson Bridge (locally known as the New Bridge) is a cantilever bridge carrying Interstate 10 in Louisiana across the Mississippi River from Port Allen in West Baton Rouge Parish to Baton Rouge in East Baton Rouge Parish. Around the Baton Rouge metropolitan area, the bridge is more commonly known as the "New Bridge" because it is the younger of the two bridges that cross the river in Baton Rouge, downstream of the older Huey P. Long Bridge.
The structure begins at the Louisiana Highway 1 (LA 1) exit south of Port Allen. After the interstate crosses the superstructure, it remains an elevated viaduct up to the Dalrymple Drive exit to Louisiana State University. It is the highest bridge on the Mississippi River.


Gurbanodelta kara is an extinct genus of metatherian mammal. A deltatheroid, it represents the geologically youngest member of this clade, dating to the late Paleocene of China.
Doonby is a 2013 independent film written and directed by Peter Mackenzie. It stars John Schneider, Jenn Gotzon, Ernie Hudson, Jennifer O'Neill, Will Wallace, Robert Davi and Joe Estevez.
William Hartung (born 24 January 1995) is an Australian rules football player who plays with the North Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). He previously played with the Hawthorn Football Club and the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Climate risk insurance is a type of insurance designed to mitigate the financial and other risk associated with climate change, especially phenomena like extreme weather.  The insurance is often treated as a type of insurance needed for improving the climate resilience of poor and developing communities. It provides post-disaster liquidity for relief and reconstruction measures while also preparing for the future measures in order to reduce climate change vulnerability. Insurance is considered an important climate change adaptation measure.
Critics of the insurance, say that such insurance places the bulk of the economic burden on communities responsible for the least amount of carbon emissions. For low-income countries, these insurance programmes can be expensive due to the high start-up costs and infrastructure requirements for the data collection. It is theorised that high-premiums in high risk areas experiencing increased climate threats, would discourage settlement in those areas. These programmes are also usually timely and financially inadequate, which could be an uncertainty to national budgets. A considerable problem on a micro-level is that weather-related disasters usually affect whole regions or communities at the same time, resulting in a large number of claims simultaneously. This means that it is needed to be sold on a very large, diversified scale. However a well-designed climate risk insurance can act as a safety net for countries while improving resilience.
The international community invested in developing further support for this kind of insurance through the  InsuResilience Global Partnership launched at COP23. That group, supports regional programs such as  Climate Risk Adaptation and Insurance in the Caribbean (CRAIC) and international organizations like the Munich Climate Insurance Initiative. The ACT Alliance published a guidebook for equitable and climate justice oriented model for climate risk insurance in 2020.


The 2018–19 season was Fleetwood Town's 111th season in their history and fifth consecutive season in League One. Along with League One, the club also participated in the FA Cup, EFL Cup and EFL Trophy.
The season covers the period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.
Honeymoon (French: Lune de miel) is a 1985 Franco-Canadian thriller, directed by Patrick Jamain and starring Nathalie Baye.


Paradocus albovittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
South St. Paul is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States, immediately south and southeast of St. Paul and east of West St. Paul. The population was 20,759 at the 2020 census. The town was a major meat-packing location, and many residents are descended from immigrants of Southern European and Eastern European heritage, who came to work in the meat-packing plants in the early twentieth century.
A post office called "South St. Paul" has been in operation since 1888. The city was named based on its location, south of St. Paul.
Larceny Act (with its variations) is a stock short title which was formerly used for legislation in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland relating to larceny and other offences against property.
The Bill for an Act with this short title will have been known as a Larceny Bill during its passage through Parliament.
Larceny Acts may be a generic name either for legislation bearing that short title or for all legislation on that subject.
Baring Vostok Capital Partners is the largest independent private equity firm focused on investments in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States.  The Baring Vostok Private Equity Funds invest across a broad range of industries including oil and gas, consumer products, media and technology, telecommunications and financial services.
The Investment Advisor of the Funds, Baring Vostok Capital Partners (Guernsey) several times since 2005 has been voted “Russian Private Equity Firm of the Year” by the readers of Private Equity International and Private Equity Online. The sub-advisor of BVCP has a branch office in Moscow with a team of 40 experienced investment professionals.
From its founding in 1994 through 2004, the firm was a subsidiary of Baring Private Equity International which was an affiliate of Barings Bank. In addition to Baring Vostok, the affiliates of BPEP International include Baring Private Equity Asia as well as Baring Private Equity Partners India, founded in 1984.  BPEP International's Latin America affiliate is known as GP Investments, a leading private equity firm in Brazil.  Collectively, the firms represent over $12 billion in capital commitments as of the end of 2014.
With offices in Moscow, the firm has raised over $3.7 billion across five investment funds.  The firm’s name vostok is the Russian word for "east".  Additionally, the Vostok spacecraft was the first manned spacecraft, operated by Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin.
The firms founder Michael Calvey and five colleagues were arrested in February 2019 for allegedly defrauding Russian businessman Artem Avetisyan who is an associate of Putin and the FSB. Calvey maintained the charges were baseless, supported by a BBC investigation, and said the real reason for the arrest was Calvey was suing Avetisyan in a separate case in London, and winning, and Avetisyan used his connections with the FSB to have Calvey arrested in Russia. Avetisyan stood to gain 10s of millions if Calvey was convicted, and Calvey faced 10 years in the notorious Matrosskaya Tishina where Sergei Magnitsky died in custody. Later the shareholders entered into a settlement agreement and publicly stated that their shareholder dispute was not related to the criminal investigation. After signing the settlement agreement, Baring Vostok returned 2.5 billion rubles to Vostochny Bank. In August 2021, the court found the top managers of Baring Vostok guilty of embezzling Vostochny Bank's funds and sentenced them to suspended sentences.
The Visvesvaraya Industrial and Technological Museum (VITM), Bangalore, India, a constituent unit of the National Council of Science Museums (NCSM), Ministry of Culture, Government of India, was established in memory of Sir M. Visvesvaraya. The 4,000 m2 (43,000 sq ft) building was constructed in Cubbon Park, and was inaugurated by the first Prime Minister of India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, on July 14, 1962. The museum displays industrial products, scientific models and engines.
The qualification for the 2005 CONCACAF U-17 Tournament took place between July and December 2004.
The History of Marine Animal Populations (HMAP) is an international, interdisciplinary research initiative. It comprises the historical component of the Census of Marine Life and is designed to measure and explain patterns of long-term change in the diversity, distribution and abundance of life in the oceans.
William Lockwood  (born June 20, 1998) is an American professional ice hockey right winger for the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He played college ice hockey for the University of Michigan. Lockwood was selected by the Vancouver Canucks in the third round, 64th overall, in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
Folksongs is a 1972 album by the countertenor Alfred Deller with his son Mark Deller and lutenist Desmond Dupré. In addition to actual folksongs it includes three songs composed by Thomas Morley and one by Robert Jones.


Jackson Kelly may refer to:

Jackson Kelly (law firm), a full service law firm headquartered in the United States
Jackson Kelly (guitar), a heavily modified version of the Gibson Explorer produced by Jackson Guitars
Jackson Kelly Star, a radically shaped solid body electric guitar produced by Jackson Guitars
J. Derham Cole (born March 12, 1977) is an American politician. He was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from the 32nd District, serving from 2009 to 2018. He is a member of the Republican party.
K-1 PREMIUM 2004 Dynamite!! was an annual kickboxing and mixed martial arts event held by K-1 on New Year's Eve, Friday, December 31, 2004 at the Osaka Dome in Osaka, Japan. It featured 7 K-1 MMA rules fights, 3 K-1 rules fights, and a special mixed K-1 & MMA Rules fight.
The event attracted a sellout crowd of 52,918 to the Osaka Dome, and was broadcast across Japan on the TBS Network.
In the main event, Royce Gracie defeated Sumo legend Akebono in a K-1 MMA Rules match.
The 2020–21 Alabama–Huntsville Chargers men's ice hockey season was the 36th season of play for the program, the 28th at the Division I level and the 8th in the WCHA conference. The Chargers represented the University of Alabama Huntsville and were coached by Lance West, in his 1st season.
The start of the college hockey season was delayed due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. As a result, Alabama–Huntsville's first scheduled game was in mid-November as opposed to early-October, which was the norm.
Jung Eun-woo (Korean: 정은우; Hanja: 鄭銀雨; born July 1, 1998), known mononymously as Eunwoo, is a South Korean former singer. She is known for her participation on Produce 101 and being a former member of Pristin, its sub-group Pristin V and Hinapia.
Kim Chul-seok (Korean: 김철석; Hanja: 金鐵石; born 6 March 1960) is a South Korean former cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1984 Summer Olympics and 1986 Asian Games.
Cleveland, Tuscarawas Valley and Wheeling Railway operated in eastern Ohio and West Virginia from 1875 to 1882. 
The Lakeshore and Tuscarawas Valley Railway Company organized by filing with the Ohio Secretary of State on July 2, 1870 to build a road from near Berea to Mill Township, Tuscarawas County, Ohio where it would interchange with the Pittsburgh, Cincinnati and St. Louis Railway, with a branch to Elyria.  The road was completed in August 1873 from Elyria through Grafton, Massillon, and New Philadelphia to Uhrichsville.  On October 30, 1872, the company purchased the Elyria and Black River Railroad forming a line from Uhrichsville to Lorain on Lake Erie.
The Lakeshore and Tuscarawas Valley Railway Company filed a certificate March 3, 1873 to extend a line from Uhrichsville into Washington Township, Harrison County.  Foreclosure was filed on the railroad July, 1874, for $2,180,000 debt, and it sold for one million dollars January 26, 1875, to a company that incorporated February 5, 1875 as the Cleveland, Tuscarawas Valley and Wheeling Railway.  The line was completed to Wheeling, West Virginia, and the company operated until 1882, when it again fell into receivership, and later was sold to the Cleveland, Lorain and Wheeling Railroad Company.
Kieran Allen (born November 21, 1975) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. He played at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 1039), Hull Kingston Rovers 1996 title winning team and Hunslet Hawks, as a fullback, or stand-off. He also represented England School boys as captain, then Great Britain rugby league.


José Miguel Barriga Castro (Los Andes, Chile, June 14, 1816 – September 3, 1886) was a Chilean lawyer, politician and surveyor. He was the son of Don Juan Agustín Barriga and Margarita Castro. On May 24, 1844, he married Trinidad Espinoza Plaza de los Reyes in Cauquenes.
The Latvian National Road Race Championship is a road bicycle race that takes place inside the Latvian National Cycling Championship, and decides the best cyclist in this type of race.
Riccò may refer to:

Annibale Riccò, an Italian astronomer
Riccardo Riccò an Italian cyclist
18462 Riccò an asteroid
Riccò del Golfo di Spezia,
The Athletic Motivation Inventory was developed in 1969 by Thomas Tuko, Bruce Ogilvie, and Leland Lyon. It has just under 200 questions and measures the following scales:

Drive
Aggression
Determination
Responsibility
Leadership
Self-confidence
Emotional control
Mental toughness
Coachability
Conscience
Trust
There are doubts about its usefulness.


An American Ballroom Companion is an online collection of over two hundred social dance manuals at the Library of Congress related to the period of cca. 1490--1920.  Along with social dance instruction manuals, this online presentation also includes a significant number of antidance manuals, histories, treatises on etiquette, information about theatrical dance. 
The collection presents dance materials from various locations of the Library: General Collections, the Music Division, and the Rare Book and Special Collections Division.
The collection also presents a number of videoclips to illustrate the materials. The clips were recorded on several Library of Congress events starting from the 100th anniversary of the Library's Jefferson Building held in 1997.
The following ships of the Indian Navy have been named INS Talwar:

INS Talwar (F140) was a Type 12, Whitby-class frigate commissioned in 1959, which served in the Portuguese-Indian War and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971
INS Talwar (F40) is the lead ship of her class, currently in active service with the Indian Navy
DeeDo (Thai: ดีโด้, pronounced [dīːdôː]) is a Thai fruit juice brand. It is the primary product of Foodstar (Thai: ฟู้ดสตาร์), a Nakhon Pathom-based company that also makes food and beverage products. It diversified beyond DeeDo fruit juices through its Mikku yogurt brand as well as by selling herbal teas, ice pops, and jelly. Foodstar's original products occupied the economy and super-economy segments of the fruit juice market. The company in 2021 released DeeDo Max C, a more premium product that contains double the amount of orange juice of the original product. Its products in 2023 could be purchased in 20 countries.
Along with seven friends and workers, Chantra Pongsri established Foodstar in 1993. They released the DeeDo brand in 1995 and broke even and began turning a profit four years later. To distinguish themselves from competitors entering the fruit juice market, Foodstar began creating television advertisements in 2006 and later used celebrity branding to promote its products. Foodstar partnered with the actor Tasit Sinkanawiwat in 2008, the actor Saranyu Winaipanit in 2013, the Burmese actor Aung Ye Lin in 2016, the singer Jannine Weigel in 2016, the actor Mario Maurer in 2017, the actress Supassra Thanachat in 2021, and the singers Ble Patumrach R-Siam and Phuwasit Ananphonsiri in 2023.


Loto are a Portuguese band from Alcobaça. The band consists of Ricardo, JT and Pedrosa.
Their debut was in October 2002 with the EP Swinging on a Star.
Their album "Beat Riot" features Peter Hook—the bass player from Joy Division and New Order—and guitarist Del Marquis from Scissor Sisters.
The tropical conger (Ariosoma scheelei), also known as the Scheele's conger, is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Pehr Hugo Strömman in 1896, originally under the genus Leptocephalus. It is a tropical, marine eel which is known from the Indo-Pacific, including Natal and Mozambique. It inhabits reefs in lagoons, and is known to dwell at a depth of 9 metres. Males can reach a maximum total length of 20 centimetres (7.9 in).
Named in honor of Capt. George von Schéele, seaman and amateur naturalist, who collected type specimen.
Herzogenrath station is the most important railway station in the city of Herzogenrath, Städteregion Aachen, NRW, Germany. Here, the lines to Sittard via Landgraaf and Heerlen and to Stolberg, both part of the regional Euregiobahn network, branch from the main line from Aachen to Mönchengladbach.
The station is in the area of the Aachen transport association (Aachener Verkehrsverbund, AVV) and linked to an adjacent bus station and a park-and-ride parking deck. For the RE 18 trains to Heerlen, this is the only stop in Germany.
Touch (sometimes mistakenly written 'Touch Records' and sometimes written Touch Music, which is technically the publishing side of the company) is a British audio-visual organisation, operating the Touch label. Touch was founded in 1982 by Jon Wozencroft and Mike Harding.
Herpetopoma seychellarum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chilodontaidae.
The 1999 Mid-Continent Conference men's basketball tournament was held February 28-March 2, 1999, at The MARK of the Quad Cities in Moline, Illinois.
This was the 16th edition of the tournament for the Association of Mid-Continent Universities/Mid-Continent Conference, now known as the Summit League.
Second seed Valparaiso defeated top seed Youngstown State 73–69 to earn an automatic berth into the 1999 NCAA tournament.
Clivina planifrons is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1907.
The Vitamen were an unsigned three-piece pop rock band from New York City. The band's three members were frontman Jesse Blockton, bassist Matt Hyams, and drummer Dave Rozner, all of whom attended the same high school in Mamaroneck, New York. Their debut album, Fun, was released in 2002. It was recorded on a four-track machine and, according to Hyams, contains funnier songs than do the band's later albums. The band released their second album, Mujer, in 2003; it was recorded on an eight-track. In December 2004, the band released their third album, Children of the Bear. It was recorded in a house in Cape Cod with the band's producer, Bo Boddie.
Saint-Paul (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ pɔl] ; Gascon: Sent Pau de Nestés) is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.


This article lists all non-royal peers who carried extant titles between the years 1060 and 1069.
The Naticinae are a subfamily of medium to large-sized predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae, the moon snails. 
The Naticinae are characterized by their calcareous operculum and by the presence of a distinct funicle within the umbilicus, which is observable in most species. It is mainly a tropical group, which is brightly colored and patterned.
Cervula or Cervulus was a Roman festival celebrated on the kalends of January (1 January). According to Chambers (1864), remnants seem to have been incorporated into a medieval Christian Feast of the Ass, (Festum Asinorum), which honors the role of donkeys in the Bible, including the Flight into Egypt.
Hajjileh (Persian: حاجيله, also Romanized as Ḩājjīleh and Ḩājīleh; also known as Hajieh) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 7 families.
Jean Maspero (20 December 1885 – 17 February 1915) was an early 20th-century French papyrologist. He was the son of egyptologist Gaston Maspero and his wife née Louise d'Estournelles de Constant (sister of Paul d'Estournel de Constant, winner of the 1909 Nobel Peace Prize) and brother of Henri and Georges Maspero.
Atlanta Motor Speedway (formerly known as the Atlanta International Raceway from 1960 to 1990) is a 1.540 miles (2.478 km) quad-oval intermediate speedway in Hampton, Georgia. The track has hosted a variety of sanctioning bodies since its inaugural season of racing in 1960, including NASCAR and IndyCar. The track has been owned by Speedway Motorsports, LLC (SMI) since 1990, with Brandon Hutchison currently serving as the track's general manager. Atlanta Motor Speedway is served by the nearby concurrent U.S. Route 41 and U.S. Route 19, along with Georgia State Route 20.
The track has a capacity of 71,000 as of 2015, down from its peak of 124,000 in 2010. It features numerous amenities, including a nine-story condominium complex, a 1⁄4 mile (0.40 km) oval on the track's frontstretch, and a 2.5 miles (4.0 km) roval road course layout upon 850 acres of land. Plans to expand to the facility throughout its lifespan, including original plans to construct a dragstrip and recent plans to construct a casino complex have been made but were either scrapped or came to a standstill. 
In the late 1950s, plans were made by the First Georgia Securities Corporation to build a facility that rivaled the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. After a months-long delay, the first races were held in 1960. The track faced heavy financial troubles throughout the late 1960s, having to enter Chapter 10 bankruptcy in 1971. Under periods of stability directed by Stacey Cotton and Walt Nix, the facility was bought out by motorsports mogul Bruton Smith in 1990, with Smith and his company, SMI, directing the facility's expansion and renovation under longtime general manager Ed Clark. The track has since gone through two major reconfigurations since Smith's purchase: one in 1997 that changed the layout of the track, and one in 2021 that changed the style of racing to produce pack racing seen at superspeedways. 


Stew (stylized as STEW) is a 2020 play by Zora Howard, her first. It was a finalist for the 2021 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The 1990 United States elections were held on November 6 and elected the members of the 102nd United States Congress. The elections occurred in the middle of Republican President George H. W. Bush's term and during the Gulf War. The Democratic Party slightly built on their control of Congress.
The Democratic Party built on its majorities in both chambers of Congress. They picked up a net of one seat in the Senate. Democrats won the nationwide popular vote for the House of Representatives by a margin of 7.8 percentage points, picking up a net of seven seats. In the gubernatorial elections, both parties lost a net of one seat to third parties.
The president of the Departmental Council of Corrèze (French: Président du conseil départemental de la Corrèze), until 2015 the president of the General Council of Corrèze (Président du conseil général de la Corrèze), prepares and supervises the spending of the budget and the decisions voted by the departmental councillors. The officeholder, who is in charge of financial management and heads the department's administration, has been Midi Corrézien's Pascal Coste of The Republicans since 2015.
The politics of Canada functions within a framework of  parliamentary democracy and a federal system of parliamentary government with strong democratic traditions. Canada is a constitutional monarchy where the monarch is head of state. In practice, executive authority is entrusted to the Cabinet, a committee of ministers of the Crown chaired by the Prime Minister of Canada that act as the executive committee of the King's Privy Council for Canada and are responsible to the democratically elected House of Commons.
Canada is described as a "full democracy", with a tradition of liberalism, and an egalitarian, moderate political ideology. Extremism has never been prominent in Canadian politics. The traditional "brokerage" model of Canadian politics leaves little room for ideology. Peace, order, and good government, alongside an Implied Bill of Rights, are founding principles of the Canadian government. An emphasis on social justice has been a distinguishing element of Canada's political culture. Canada has placed emphasis on diversity, equity and inclusiveness for all its people.
The country has a multi-party system in which many of its legislative practices derive from the unwritten conventions of and precedents set by the Westminster parliament of the United Kingdom. The two dominant political parties in Canada have historically been the Liberal Party of Canada and the current Conservative Party of Canada (as well as its numerous predecessors). Parties like the New Democratic Party, the Quebec nationalist Bloc Québécois and the Green Party of Canada have grown in prominence, exerting their own influence to the political process.
Canada has evolved variations: party discipline in Canada is stronger than in the United States and United Kingdom, and more parliamentary votes are considered motions of confidence, which tends to diminish the role of non-Cabinet members of parliament (MPs). Such members, in the government caucus, and junior or lower-profile members of opposition caucuses, are known as backbenchers. Backbenchers can, however, exert their influence by sitting in parliamentary committees, like the Public Accounts Committee or the National Defence Committee.


Banu Aslam (Arabic: بنو أسلم) were an Arabian tribe during the Islamic prophet Muhammad's era. During the Invasion of Hamra al-Asad, Muhammad sent 3 spies belonging to this tribe to track the departing Meccan Army.
During the Battle of the Trench also known as the Battle of Khandaq, the Banu Aslam made up one tribe consisting of a confederation of tribes which took part in the battle.
During Abu Bakr's era the Banu Aslam came in support of Abu Bakr and Umar and pledge their allegiance to Abu Bakr around the time of the Ridda Wars, Abu Bakr noted that after seeing this he was certain of victory
The KALQ keyboard (dubbed after the order the keys appear in the keyboard, analogous to QWERTY) is a keyboard layout that has been developed by researchers at the Montana Tech, University of St Andrews and the Max Planck Institute for Informatics as a split-screen keyboard for thumb-typing, which is claimed to allow a 34% increase in speed of typing for the people who use touchscreen. KALQ was released as a free app, albeit a beta, for Android-based smartphones. Although the KALQ project received some buzz in tech media, as of early 2017, the latest public version is dated October 2013, and still labelled a beta.
Theodoric (or Theoderic) the Great (454 – 30 August 526), also called Theodoric the Amal, was king of the Ostrogoths (475–526), and ruler of the independent Ostrogothic Kingdom of Italy between 493 and 526, regent of the Visigoths (511–526), and a patrician of the Eastern Roman Empire. As ruler of the combined Gothic realms, Theodoric controlled an empire stretching from the Atlantic Ocean to the Adriatic Sea. Though Theodoric himself only used the title 'king' (rex), some scholars characterize him as a Western Roman Emperor in all but name, since he ruled a large part of the former Western Roman Empire described as a Res Publica, had received the former Western imperial regalia from Constantinople in 497 which he used, was referred to by the imperial title princeps by the Italian aristocracy and exercised imperial powers recognized in the East, such as naming consuls.
As a young child of an Ostrogothic nobleman, Theodoric was taken as a hostage to Constantinople, where he spent his formative years and received an East Roman education (paideia). Theodoric returned to Pannonia around 470, and throughout the 470s he campaigned against the Sarmatians and competed for influence among the Goths of the Roman Balkans, gaining recognition as King in 471. The emperor Zeno made him a commander of the Eastern Roman forces in 483 and consul in 484. Nevertheless, Theodoric remained in constant hostilities with the emperor and frequently raided East Roman territory.
At the behest of Zeno, in 489 Theodoric attacked Odoacer, the king of Italy, emerging victorious in 493. As the new ruler of Italy, he upheld a Roman legal administration and scholarly culture while promoting a major building program across Italy. In 505 he expanded into the Balkans, and by 511 he had brought the Visigothic Kingdom of Spain under his direct control and established hegemony over the Burgundian and Vandal kingdoms. Theodoric died in 526 and was buried in a grand mausoleum in Ravenna. He lived on as the figure Dietrich von Bern in Germanic heroic legend.
Moh Maya Money (transl. Illusional desire for money) is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language heist film directed by Munish Bhardwaj, and starring Ranvir Shorey and Neha Dhupia.
The film's production began at the NFDC Film Bazaar in 2015 where it was a Film Bazaar Recommends project.
The film premiered at the New York Indian Film Festival, and has also played at the London Indian Film Festival, the Silk Screen Festival in Pittsburgh and the Chicago South Asian Film Festival, where it was selected in competition and as the Centerpiece film. The film was released in India on 25 November 2016.
Glen Innes is a suburb in East Auckland, New Zealand, located nine kilometres to the east of the city centre, close to the waters of the Tamaki River estuary.
Glen Innes was named after a large farm owned by William Innes Taylor in the area. There were four Taylor brothers in Auckland, the sons of a British man who had had a military career in India. Three of the brothers had farms in this area and built houses;  William Innes Taylor at Glen Innes, Richard James Taylor at Glendowie and Charles John Taylor at Glen Orchard (now Saint Heliers). Their brother Allan Kerr Taylor had a farm estate in Mount Albert, whose house was called Alberton.
The main streets in Glen Innes are Taniwha Street and Apirana Avenue, which meet in the shopping centre of the suburb.  Glen Innes has a train station on the Eastern Line of the Auckland rail network, and is a hub for eastern Auckland isthmus buses (Metrolink).
Glen Innes is a low-income, working class area with around 1,500 state houses. In an effort to improve the quality of state housing in Glen Innes, the government introduced "Talbot Park", an area of higher density housing, consisting of mostly apartment-style housing. The Tāmaki Regeneration Programme will also target 2500 public homes that will transform into 10,500 new private market, affordable and public homes across the area creating new vibrant and mixed-tenure neighbourhoods.
Gina Tuttle is an American actress and voice-over artist. She has been the announcer for the Academy Awards on four occasions.
The Worst Week of My Life (Italian: La peggior settimana della mia vita) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Genovesi. It is based on the British sitcom of the same name.
Lothaire is French masculine given name that is a modern form of the Germanic Chlothar (which is a blended form of Hlūdaz and Harjaz). People with this name include:
The Virginia Cavaliers baseball team represents the University of Virginia in NCAA Division I college baseball.  Established in 1889, the team participates in the Coastal division of the Atlantic Coast Conference and plays its home games at Davenport Field at Disharoon Park.  The team's head coach is Brian O'Connor. The team has reached the College World Series seven times, most recently in 2024, and won the national championship in 2015.
The 1936 Rutgers Queensmen football team represented Rutgers University in the 1936 college football season. In their sixth season under head coach J. Wilder Tasker, the Queensmen compiled a 1–6–1 record and were outscored by their opponents 133 to 20.
The Star Route scandal was a political scandal in the United States, stemming from allegations of bribery and bid rigging in the United States Post Office Department which came to light as early as 1872 and which were the focus of public scrutiny following the election of President James A. Garfield. There were no fewer than four federal investigations into bribery in the postal service from 1872 through 1883. The scandal and public reaction to it contributed to the passage of the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act.
Kazimierz Wojniakowski (1771/72 in Kraków – 1812 in Warsaw) was a Polish painter, illustrator and Freemason, known primarily for his portraits in the sentimentalist style.
Charles McPherson (born July 24, 1939) is an American jazz alto saxophonist born in Joplin, Missouri, United States; raised in Detroit, Michigan; and now lives in San Diego, California. He worked intermittently with Charles Mingus from 1960 to 1974, and as a performer leading his own groups.
McPherson also was commissioned to help record ensemble renditions of pieces from Charlie Parker, on the 1988 soundtrack for the film Bird.
In 2020, the JazzTimes magazine readers’ poll named McPherson Artist of the Year, and also selected his album Jazz Dance Suites as Best New Release.
Zsolt Madarasz (born 1 December 1959) is a Swiss fencer. He competed in the team épée event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Acceptable Risk is an Irish television crime drama series, broadcast on RTÉ, that first aired on 24 September 2017. Produced by Facet4 Media and Saffron Moon for RTÉ Television, Acceptable Risk stars Elaine Cassidy as Dublin-based Sarah Manning, whose husband Lee is murdered whilst on a business trip in Montreal. Filmed between Ireland and Canada, the first series, comprising six episodes, was broadcast during September and October 2017.
Subsequently, the series has been sold to the United States, where it made its North American debut on Acorn TV, and to the UK, where it debuted on Universal TV on December 6, 2018. Internationally, the series has been distributed by DCD Rights and Acorn Media Enterprises. Following strong viewing figures for the series, which opened with viewing figures of more than 380,000, Facet4 Media have since confirmed a second series is in development.
Detective Emer Berry, a character from Acceptable Risk appeared in the six-part TV series Hidden Assets released in 2021.
Richard Simpson is a professor in the department of biochemistry at La Trobe University (Melbourne, Australia). He is the inaugural and current president of the Australasian Proteomics Society and a past treasurer of the Human Proteome Organization. Simpson was elected Honorary Member of the American Society of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology in 1996, awarded the AMRAD Pharmacia Medal from the Australian Society for Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, and was an elected councillor of the Protein Society (1993-1996). In 1995, Simpson was elected Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering and in 2001 was awarded the Centenary Medal "For service to Australian society in research and development".
Alicia Verónica Rubio Calle (born 13 January 1962) is a Spanish politician for Vox who has served as a member of the Assembly of Madrid since 2019.
KLGU-LP (106.1 FM) was a radio station licensed to Logan, Utah, United States. The station was owned by the City of Logan.
The station's license expired on October 1, 2005, and was terminated by the FCC on May 10, 2011.


KCSA-LP (97.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to San Angelo, Texas, United States and serving the San Angelo area. The station is currently owned by Concho Christmas Celebration.
The Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of Peru to the Russian Federation is the official representative of the Republic of Peru to the Russian Federation.
Diplomatic relations between Peru and Russia date back to the 19th century. Emperor Alexander II sent a letter, dated 29 October 1862, to Miguel de San Román, president of Peru, congratulating him on his election and expressing his desire to maintain friendly relations between the Russian Empire and Peru. The two countries signed their first official document, a Trade and Navigation Agreement in 1874, and by 1909 Peru had six consular missions in the Russian Empire: in Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Riga, Warsaw, Odesa and Kherson.
With the execution of the Romanov family and the downfall of the Russian Republic as a result of the Russian Civil War, both countries ceased to have any diplomatic relations from 1918 until the second half of the 20th century.
Relations at the embassy level between the Soviet Union and Peru were established on 1 February 1969. Relations were strengthened after the 1970 Ancash earthquake, with the Soviet Union sending helicopters and medical aid. With the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, Peru recognised the Russian Federation as its successor state on 26 December 1991.
Menippe nodifrons, commonly known as the Cuban stone crab, is a species of crab found in warm tropical waters of the western Atlantic Ocean. It is common in parts of Brazil, and is found in the United States in east-central Florida and off the coast of Louisiana.
McKenzie College, also called McKenzie's College, was a private college located on the plantation of Reverend John W. P. McKenzie, a Methodist minister, in Clarksville, Texas, United States. Starting in 1841, the school grew from 16 students educated in a log cabin to over 300 students and 9 faculty members occupying four large buildings in 1854. It was the largest institution of higher education in Texas during the 1850s and 1860s. Before the American Civil War began, it trained almost all of the new Methodist ministers in the state. Unable to retain financial support after the War, Rev. McKenzie closed the school in June, 1868. He served for a year as the first president of another Methodist school, Marvin College in Waxahachie, Texas, then completely retired from church-related work. He died in Clarksville on June 20, 1881.
Hugh "Jazzer" Byrne (1904–1983) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s and 1930s.
Born on 28 April 1904 at Woollahra, New South Wales, Byrne became a large, striding winger. Byrne played for Eastern Suburbs (1925–1928 and 1930) and South Sydney (1932–33).
In 1928 Byrne was selected to represent Australia in a test match against England.
Byrne died on 22 December 1983, aged 79.
Cresson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Elliott Cresson (1796 – 1854), American philanthropist
Warder Cresson (1798 – 1860), later known as Michael Boaz Israel, American religious zealot and proto-Zionist
Ezra Townsend Cresson (1838 – 1926), American entomologist
William Penn Cresson (1873 – 1932)[1], American architect, author, diplomat and husband of sculptor Margaret French Cresson
Ezra Townsend Cresson Jr. (1876–1948), American entomologist, see Ezra Townsend Cresson Jr. on Wikispecies
Margaret French Cresson (1889–1973), American sculptor and wife of William Penn Cresson
Myra Cresson (born 1904), social worker in Singapore
Édith Cresson (born 1934), French politician
Loris Cresson (born 1998), Belgian motorcycle racer
Paul Black (born 4 November 1996) is a Scottish writer, director and comedian. He is known for his short form comedy sketches. In 2017 Black began posting character based comedy sketches on Twitter through which he earned a dedicated following. in 2019, BBC Scotland commissioned sketch-show pilot Pity Party written and directed by Black. In 2022 BBC Scotland commissioned a Hogmanay comedy special, First Footing, written and directed by Black.
Black's first live theatre show Worst Case Scenario played two sold out shows at The Edinburgh Fringe in 2021. His subsequent shows Self Care Era and Nostalgia have played two sold out run's at The Edinburgh Fringe. Self Care Era played 12 consecutive sold out shows at Glasgow's Oran Mor as well as one sold out show at the Clyde Auditorium.  Black's show Nostalgia played two sold out shows at The King's Theatre and was adapted for Black's first UK tour in 2023. Nostalgia was nominated for the Glasgow International Comedy Festival's Sir Billy Connolly Spirit of Glasgow award. Black headlined the festival in 2023.
Black studied Media and Communications at Glasgow Caledonian University
The thoracic spinal nerve 5 (T5) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 5 (T5).
Use value (German: Gebrauchswert) or value in use is a concept in classical political economy and Marxist economics. It refers to the tangible features of a commodity (a tradeable object) which can satisfy some human requirement, want or need, or which serves a useful purpose. In Karl Marx's critique of political economy, any product has a labor-value and a use-value, and if it is traded as a commodity in markets, it additionally has an exchange value, defined as the proportion by which a commodity can be exchanged for other entities, most often expressed as a money-price.
Marx acknowledges that commodities being traded also have a general utility, implied by the fact that people want them, but he argues that this by itself says nothing about the specific character of the economy in which they are produced and sold.
Dawn D. Bennett-Alexander (born 1951) is a lawyer, academic, author and consultant who created the first course in employment law addressing workplace discrimination for colleges of business and led in the development of what is now known as Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEIB).
In the 1970s, Bennett-Alexander was a law clerk for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals and Federal Trade Commission and was an assistant to the associate director and counsel at the White House Domestic Policy Council. She was an advisor and attorney to the Federal Labor Relations Authority from 1981 to 1982. 
Bennett-Alexander taught business law, law studies, and employment law at the Antioch School of Law (now the University of the District of Columbia David A. Clarke School of Law), University of North Florida, and the University of Georgia's Terry College of Business.
Bennett-Alexander was awarded the Fulbright Scholar fellowship and researched and taught at the Ghana School of Law from October 2000 to August 2001. Following the racially motivated murders of George Floyd and others, she taught Diversity and Inclusion in a Post-COVID World: Does it Still Matter.
Working in the employment law field for more than 40 years, she is an expert in legal studies, inclusion, diversity, and sexual harassment. She published works about gender, race, and sexual orientation, particularly as they relate to employment law.
Mukayevo (Russian: Мукаево; Bashkir: Мөкәй, Mökäy) is a rural locality (a village) in Novokiyeshkinsky Selsoviet, Karmaskalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 259 as of 2010. There are 11 streets.
Ratilal Chandaria (1922-2013) was an industrialist and philanthropist of Indian origin who resided in different parts of the world. He worked to modernize the Gujarati language.
Polabian Slavs, also known as Elbe Slavs and more broadly as Wends, is a collective term applied to a number of Lechitic (West Slavic) tribes who lived scattered along the Elbe river in what is today eastern Germany. The approximate territory stretched from the Baltic Sea in the north, the Saale and the Limes Saxoniae in the west, the Ore Mountains and the Western Sudetes in the south, and Poland in the east.
The Polabian Slavs were largely conquered by Saxons and Danes since the 9th century and were subsequently included and gradually assimilated within the Holy Roman Empire. The tribes were gradually Germanized and assimilated in the following centuries; the Sorbs are the only descendants of the Polabian Slavs to have retained their identity and culture.
The Polabian language is now extinct. However, the two Sorbian languages are spoken by approximately 22,000–30,000 inhabitants of the region and the languages are regarded by the government of Germany as official languages of the region.
Arnup is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Sally Arnup (1930–2015), English sculptor
John Arnup (1911–2005), Canadian judge
Arnup Cup, award in Canadian law student contest
Gorxheimertal is a municipality in the Bergstraße district in Hesse, Germany. It is in the Odenwald and the Rhine Neckar Area.
Marcel Marin (2 May 1933 – 17 March 1996) was a Romanian footballer who played as a forward and midfielder.
Dragon's beard candy (traditional Chinese: 龍鬚糖; simplified Chinese: 龙须糖; pinyin: lóng xū táng) or Chinese cotton candy or Longxusu (simplified Chinese: 龙须酥; traditional Chinese: 龍鬚酥; pinyin: lóng xū sū) is a handmade traditional art of China. It is a traditional Chinese confectionary similar to floss halva or Western cotton candy, which can be found in many Chinese communities. Dragon's beard candy was initially created in China, but soon spread in popularity in other parts of East Asia and South East Asia, becoming a regional delicacy in South Korea in the 1990s, and Singapore in the 1980s, as well as more recently in Canada, and the United States.
It has a low sugar content (19%) and low saturated fat content (2%). By comparison, cotton candy is fat free with a very high sugar content (94%). Dragon's beard candy has a very short shelf life. It is highly sensitive to moisture and tends to melt when exposed to higher temperatures, notably during warm weather.
Xu Xian (Chinese: 許仙), courtesy name Hanwen (漢文), is a main character of the Legend of the White Snake, one of China's four great folk tales. In some versions of the legend he is a scholar, while in others he is a physician. In earlier works such as Feng Menglong's Stories to Caution the World, he is known as Xu Xuan (Chinese: 許宣).
Riccardo Calcagni (born 27 June 1994) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie C Group A club Novara.
Mulu (Persian: مولو) in Iran may refer to:

Mulu, Maragheh, East Azerbaijan Province
Mulu, Kermanshah
Tai Hong Wai (Chinese: 泰康圍) is a walled village located in the Kam Tin area of Yuen Long District, in Hong Kong. Three other walled villages, Kat Hing Wai, Wing Lung Wai, and Kam Hing Wai are located nearby and were built around the same time.
The 1995 Chinese Football Super Cup (Chinese: 1995年中国足球超霸杯赛) was the first edition of the Chinese Football Super Cup, contested by Chinese Jia-A League 1995 winners Shanghai Shenhua and 1995 Chinese FA Cup winners Jinan Taishan. Fan Zhiyi scored the first goal of the Chinese Football Super Cup, which ensured Shanghai Shenhua win their first Chinese Football Super Cup title.
In quantum electrodynamics, the vertex function describes the coupling between a photon and an electron beyond the leading order of perturbation theory.  In particular, it is the one particle irreducible correlation function involving the fermion 
  
    
      
        ψ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \psi }
  
, the antifermion 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              ψ
              ¯
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\bar {\psi }}}
  
, and the vector potential A.
Nosy Mangabe is a small island reserve located in Antongil Bay about 2 km (1.2 mi) offshore from the town of Maroantsetra in north-east Madagascar. it is accessible by small boat and is part of the larger Masoala National Park complex. It is a tropical rainforest national park for a species of lemur, the aye-aye (Daubentonia madagascariensis). It lies close enough to Maroantsetra for a day trip, although an overnight stay is recommended for seeing the nocturnal aye-aye.


Eliza Acton (17 April 1799 – 13 February 1859) was an English food writer and poet who produced one of Britain's first cookery books aimed at the domestic reader, Modern Cookery for Private Families. The book introduced the now-universal practice of listing ingredients and giving suggested cooking times for each recipe. It included the first recipes in English for Brussels sprouts and for spaghetti. It also contains the first recipe for what Acton called "Christmas pudding"; the dish was normally called plum pudding, recipes for which had appeared previously, although Acton was the first to put the name and recipe together.
Acton was born in 1799 in Sussex. She was raised in Suffolk where she ran a girls' boarding school before spending time in France. On her return to England in 1826 she published a collection of poetry and released her cookery book in 1845, aimed at middle class families. Written in an engaging prose, the book was well received by reviewers. It was reprinted within the year and several editions followed until 1918, when Longman, the book's publisher, took the decision not to reprint. In 1857 Acton published The English Bread-Book for Domestic Use, a more academic and studious work than Modern Cookery. The work consisted of a history of bread-making in England, a study of European methods of baking and numerous recipes.
In the later years of its publication, Modern Cookery was eclipsed by the success of Isabella Beeton's bestselling Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management (1861), which included several recipes plagiarised from Acton's work. Although Modern Cookery was not reprinted in full until 1994, the book has been admired by English cooks in the second part of the 20th century, and influenced many of them, including Elizabeth David, Jane Grigson, Delia Smith and Rick Stein.
The House of Erba-Odescalchi (IPA: [ˈɛrba odeˈskalki]) and the House of Odescalchi are branches of an Italian noble family formed by the union of the Erba and Odescalchi families. The Odescalchi family was, since the election of Benedetto Odescalchi as Pope Innocent XI in 1676, part of the highest Roman aristocracy.
Alfred Dahlqvist (13 May 1914 – 21 October 1983) was a Swedish cross-country skier who won a silver medal in the 18 km event at the 1938 World Championships. He won three more medals in 1941, but these are not considered official because of the limited number of competitors. The same year he was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal.
The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics is a non-profit research institution that was established in 1990.
It specialises in neurology, molecular biology and all aspects of human genetics. It also collaborates with the University of Cyprus on a Medical Genetics graduate programme.
The Amung (also known as Amungme, Amungm, Amui, Amuy, Hamung, or Uhunduni) people are a group of about 17,700 people living in the highlands of the Central Papua province of Indonesia. Most Amungme live in Mimika and Puncak, in valleys like Noema, Tsinga, Hoeya, Bella, Alama, Aroanop, and Wa. A related group lives in Beoga Valley, Puncak and they are called Damal people.
Their language is called Amung-kal spoken mostly in the southern regions. In the north, it is called Damal-kal. Additionally, they have symbolic languages called Aro-a-kal and Tebo-a-kal. Tebo-a-kal is only spoken in sacred areas.
The traditional beliefs of the Amungme people are animistic. The Amungme people did not have the idea of "gods" that are separate from nature where spirits and nature are the same. They see themselves as the eldest child of God Nagawan Into, hence conqueror and ruler of the world Amungsa.
They practice shifting agriculture, supplementing their livelihood by hunting and gathering. The Amungme are very tied to their ancestral land and consider the surrounding mountains to be sacred.
This has led to friction with the Indonesian government and Freeport-McMoRan, which is eager to exploit the vast mineral deposits contained there. Major changes in the Amungme of the highlands and Kamoro of the lowlands lifestyle have been brought about by the Grasberg mine, situated in the heart of Amungme territory and owned by Freeport-McMoRan, the region's largest single employer. Extensive gold and copper mining have altered the landscape, and the presence of the mine and its infrastructure has attracted numerous other economic migrants from regions in Indonesia including other Papuans, some of whom have tried to settle on traditional Amungme lands. This has caused a land dispute regarding customary land rights between the Amungme people against the Freeport mining company in Timika. In the last 35 years, the Amungme have seen their sacred mountain destroyed by the Freeport mine and watched as their relatives are killed and caught in the conflict between Indonesian soldiers and Free Papua Movement rebels, while the Kamoro have more than 200,000 tons of mining waste pumped into their rivers each day. All these factors have created complex social and political stresses and led to somewhat frequent protests and/or social conflicts, some of which have been violently suppressed by the Indonesian police or military.
Joseph Zaphenat Amenowode is a Ghanaian politician and academic. He was the member of parliament for Hohoe South and was the minister for the Volta Region of Ghana from January 2009 until his dismissal on 6 March 2012. He has worked as a university lecturer prior to going into politics.
Mindjet is a mind mapping and innovation management software company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Mindjet's software products, including its flagship product MindManager and SpigitEngage, are designed to visually and collaboratively manage information and tasks. As of June 2016, Mindjet had approximately sixteen million users.
Kanangamuwa is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.


Adwolfe is a census-designated place (CDP) in Smyth County, Virginia, United States. The population was 1,530 at the 2010 census.
Holoprosencephaly (HPE) is a cephalic disorder in which the prosencephalon (the forebrain of the embryo) fails to develop into two hemispheres, typically occurring between the 18th and 28th day of gestation. Normally, the forebrain is formed and the face begins to develop in the fifth and sixth weeks of human pregnancy. The condition also occurs in other species.
Holoprosencephaly is estimated to occur in approximately 1 in every 250 conceptions and most cases are not compatible with life and result in fetal death in utero due to deformities to the skull and brain. However, holoprosencephaly is still estimated to occur in approximately 1 in every 8,000 live births.
When the embryo's forebrain does not divide to form bilateral cerebral hemispheres (the left and right halves of the brain), it causes defects in the development of the face and in brain structure and function.
The severity of holoprosencephaly is highly variable. In less severe cases, babies are born with normal or near-normal brain development and facial deformities that may affect the eyes, nose, and upper lip.


Posey Island State Park is a popular recreation area consisting of 1-acre (0.40 ha) Posey Island in San Juan County, Washington. The island is located .25 miles (0.40 km) north of Pearl Island, near Roche Harbor, San Juan Island. It has about 1,000 feet (300 m) of saltwater shoreline and is part of the Cascadia Marine Trail, with campsites restricted to visitors arriving in non-motorized watercraft. The island-park is managed by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission. It became a state park in 1960 under lease from the U.S. Bureau of Land Management.
This list of former RAF stations includes most of the stations, airfields and administrative headquarters previously used by the Royal Air Force. They are listed under any former county or country name which was appropriate for the duration of operation.
During 1991, the RAF had several Military Emergency Diversion Aerodrome (MEDA) airfields:
RAF Kinloss, Leeming, Valley, Waddington, Wattisham & Lyneham ended their role from 1 March 1991, leaving Brize Norton, Manston, Leuchars and St Mawgan with the role.
Turcovce is a village and municipality in Humenné District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.
Ahmedabad Suburban Railway is a planned regional rail system in the city of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Gulkani is a village in Jind district, Haryana, India, 194 kilometres (121 mi) from the state capital of Chandigarh and 137 kilometres (85 mi) from Delhi.  It is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from the district headquarters.
Gulkani is situated on the Hisar-Jind highway (National Highway 9). Its postal address is VPO Gulkani, 126102, Jind. The nearest airport is Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi.
Robert Hamilton Whaley (born April 5, 1943) is a senior United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington.
The Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights (BYSHR) is a human rights organization of Bahrain founded in March 2005 which was active in the Bahraini uprising. The group "organises training workshops, monitors and documents human rights violations and participates in forming a regional network for young human rights activists in eight Arab countries". Mohammed al-Maskati serves as its president. The organization was founded by Mohammed al-Maskati and Hussain Jawad (who also served as its vice-president) among others.


Thomas Leslie Tatham (October 8, 1911 – September 9, 1997) was an American attorney, land developer in Dade County, and non-profit volunteer. Born in Saginaw, Michigan, Tatham attended University of Florida. Tatham was married to Bernice Tatham (née McCredie). He and Bernice had two children, Marlene Taylor and Thomas L. Tatham, Jr.; and two adopted children Curtis James Tatham and Eileen Tatham. He was an attorney and vice president of the Southeast region of the Boy Scouts of America.
Raymonde Goudou Coffie (born c. 1965) is an Ivorian politician. After training as a pharmacist, she has held various ministerial appointments including Minister for Family, Women and Children, Minister of Health and Public Hygiene and Minister of Modernisation of Administration and Innovation of Public Services. In 2021, she became Minister Governor of the District des Lacs.
NTV Plus (Russian: НТВ Плюс) is the brand name for the Russian digital satellite television service from NTV, transmitted from Eutelsat's W4 satellite at 36.0°E and from Bonum 1 at 56.0°E. Previously a part of Vladimir Gusinsky's media empire (Media Most holding), now it is included in the Gazprom Media holding.
Krzeszów [ˈkʂɛʂuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Stryszawa, 9 km (6 mi) west of Sucha Beskidzka, and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
Longford is a city in Clay County, Kansas, United States.  As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 73.
Pedro Sánchez de Castro, (fl. 1454–1484) was a Spanish Gothic painter. His dates of birth and death are unknown.
Sánchez de Castro has been identified primarily through his works. He lived and worked all his life in his native Seville. He painted religious themed works for local churches.
He died in Sevilla. A surviving triptych was at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, but was auctioned off in 2013 to a private collector.
The silverstripe shiner (Notropis stilbius) is a species of cyprinid freshwater fish endemic to the United States where it is widespread in Mobile Bay drainage in Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee and Georgia.
The Montana Stream Access Law says that anglers, floaters and other recreationists in Montana have full use of most natural waterways between the high-water marks  for fishing and floating, along with swimming and other river or stream-related activities. In 1984, the Montana Supreme Court held that the streambed of any river or stream that has the capability to be used for recreation can be accessed by the public regardless of whether the river is navigable or who owns the streambed property.  On January 16, 2014, the Montana Supreme Court, in a lawsuit filed by the Public Land/Water Access Association over access via county bridges on the Ruby river in Madison County, Montana reaffirmed the Montana Stream Access Law and the public's right to access rivers in Montana from public easements.
The Cathedral Church of Saint John the Baptist and Saint Patrick's Rock is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Cashel, County Tipperary in Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin.
Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Cashel, it is now one of six cathedrals in the  United Dioceses of Cashel Ferns and Ossory.
Henry Gesner Pineo Jr. (March 6, 1830 – May 12, 1874) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Pugwash, Nova Scotia, the son of Henry Gesner Pineo, a member of the province's Legislative Council. Pineo was educated in Sackville. In 1851, he married Charlotte Amelia Kerr. He served as consular agent for the United States and vice consul for Sweden and Norway before Confederation. Pineo was also lieutenant-colonel in the militia. He died in Pugwash at the age of 44.
PlantPure Nation is a 2015 American documentary film that advocates for a whole-food, plant-based diet.
The following is a timeline of the Kashmir conflict, a territorial conflict between India, Pakistan and, to a lesser degree, China. India and Pakistan have been involved in four wars and several border skirmishes over the issue.
Turcios is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 

Danilo Turcios (born 1978), Honduran footballer
Froylán Turcios (1875–1943), Honduran writer
Juan Diego Turcios (born 1992), Salvadoran judoka
José Rafael Carrera y Turcios (1814–1865), president of Guatemala
Víctor Turcios (born 1988), Salvadoran footballer
The Reynolds Intellectual Assessment Scales (RIAS) is an individually administered test of intelligence that includes a co-normed, supplemental measure of memory. It is appropriate for individuals ages 3–94.
The RIAS intelligence subtests include Verbal Reasoning (verbal), Guess What (verbal), Odd-Item Out (nonverbal), and What's Missing? (nonverbal). Memory subtests include Verbal Memory and Nonverbal Memory. Included within the RIAS is the Reynolds Intellectual Screening Test (RIST), a quick screener that consists of two RIAS subtests (Guess What and Odd-Item Out) and takes less time to complete than the RIAS.
Styrsö (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈstʏ̂ʂːœ]) is a small island and a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden. It had 1,304 inhabitants in 2010.
It lies in the Southern Göteborg Archipelago of Sweden with about 1,400 inhabitants. Regular ferries connect the island to Gothenburg and a bridge links Styrsö with Donsö. The main type of land transport on the island is a three-wheeled moped, called a flakmoped in Swedish. (The locals call it lastmoppe). Regular cars are not allowed on the Island.
On Styrsö there are four small communities with different characters. The oldest is the Village, called "Byn" with the church from 1752, farms and old cultivated land. "Styrsö Tången" (Seaweed) is the traditional fishing village with dense buildings and winding narrow roads. In "Halsvik", the well-ordered seacaptains made their mark on the buildings and "Bratten" got the nice summer guests. Recent years Styrsö Sandvik has become a popular guest harbour for sailors.
Ward No. 2 Dhaka North City Corporation (Bengali: ওয়ার্ড নং ২, ঢাকা উত্তর সিটি কর্পোরেশন) is an administrative division of Dhaka North City Corporation in zone 1. It's located in Pallabi police station of Dhaka City. It forms a city corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Bangladesh Jatiyo Sangshad constituency Dhaka-16.
Macomb Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County, New York. 
The mountain is named after Maj. Gen. Alexander Macomb (1782–1841), who won acclaim during the War of 1812 at the Battle of Plattsburgh, and served as Commanding General of the United States Army (1828–1841).
Macomb Mountain is part of the Dix Range, and is the southernmost of the High Peaks of the Adirondack Mountains.
Macomb is flanked to the northeast by South Dix.
Macomb Mountain stands within the watershed of the Schroon River, which drains into the Hudson River, and into New York Bay.
The east and northeast sides of Macomb Mtn. drain into West Mill Brook, thence into the Schroon River.
The northwest sides of Macomb Mtn. drain into Lillian Brook, thence into the East Inlet of Elk Lake, source of The Branch of the Schroon River.
The southwest side of Macomb drains into Slide Brook, thence into the East Inlet of Elk Lake.
The southeast slopes of Macomb drain into Niagara Brook, thence into The Branch of the Schroon River.
Macomb Mountain is within the Dix Mountain Wilderness Area of Adirondack State Park.


Buy Me (Russian: Купи меня, romanized: Kupi menya) is a 2018 Russian crime drama film directed by Vadim  Perelman. It was nominated for the Golden St. George  Award at the 39st Moscow International Film Festival.
Iran Pride Day, National Day of Iranian LGBTs, or National Day Of Sexual Minorities (Persian: روز افتخار ایران) is an annual LGBT pride event held on the fourth Friday of July (first Friday of the Iranian month of Mordad) in Iran since 2010.
Derek McWilliams (born 16 January 1966 in Broxburn) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Hibernian, Broxburn Athletic, Dundee, Stirling Albion, Falkirk, Dunfermline Athletic, Partick Thistle, Clydebank, East Stirlingshire, East Fife and Airdrieonians. McWilliams notably made a starting appearance in the 1991 Scottish League Cup Final during his spell with Dunfermline, facing his former club Hibernian.  He is currently the assistant manager of Broxburn Athletic.
The Gobiiformes  are an order of fish that includes the gobies and their relatives. The order, which was previously considered a suborder of Perciformes, is made up of about 2,211 species that are divided between seven families. Phylogenetic relationships of the Gobiiformes have been elucidated using molecular data. Gobiiforms are primarily small species that live in marine water, but roughly 10% of these species inhabit fresh water. This order is composed chiefly of benthic or burrowing species; like many other benthic fishes, most gobiiforms do not have a gas bladder or any other means of controlling their buoyancy in water, so they must spend most of their time on or near the bottom.
Gobiiformes means "goby-like".
20 minutos is a Spanish free newspaper, with local editions in several Spanish cities, published by Multiprensa & Mas S.L.
Săpunari may refer to several villages in Romania:

Săpunari, a village in Morărești Commune, Argeș County
Săpunari, a village in Lehliu Commune, Călărași County
The Albany County Sheriff's Office is a local police agency in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. It consists of 46 sworn law enforcement officers and 8 civilian support personnel. As of 2022 the sheriff is Aaron Appelhans, the first African-American to serve as sheriff in Wyoming.
In 2021, the New York Times described the department as "troubled" and plagued by "allegations of nepotism, selective enforcement and excessive force". In 2018, an unarmed man, Robbie Ramirez, was shot and killed by deputy Derek Colling. This was the third time in Colling's career he had shot and killed someone. Colling eventually resigned in 2021.
Sheriff Dave O’Malley resigned in 2020 amid a lawsuit over the shooting, and Appelhans was appointed his replacement. State Representative Cyrus Western replied to a post on Twitter about Appelhans's appointment with an animated GIF from the film Blazing Saddles; after receiving criticism for the tweet, Western deleted the tweet, issued a public apology, and called Appelhans to apologize. Appelhans spoke of his goal of diversifying the department, of which he was the only Black officer at the time. In 2021, Appelhans fired a deputy who was accused of harassing a Black subordinate until the subordinate quit.
In biology, the BBCH-scale for faba beans describes the phenological development of faba beans using the BBCH-scale.
The phenological growth stages and BBCH-identification keys of faba beans are:

1 Stem elongation may occur earlier than stage 19; in this case continue with the principal stage 3
2 First internode extends from the scale leaf node to the first true leaf node
7-a-side football at the 2010 Asian Para Games were held in Huagong Stadium 13 – 18 December  2010. There was 1 gold medal in this sport.
Laura Lapi (born 10 September 1970) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.
Avation PLC is a commercial passenger aircraft leasing company with airline customers around the world.
Avation is publicly owned and is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (LSE:AVAP) and is headquartered in Singapore. Capital Lease Aviation Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avation PLC.


Ten Days Without Mom (Spanish: Mamá se fue de viaje) is a 2017 Argentine comedy film directed by Ariel Winograd and starring Diego Peretti and Carla Peterson.


Pheromermis is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Mermithidae.
The species of this genus are found in North America.
Species:

Pheromermis montanus Gafurov & Muratova, 1983
Pheromermis myopis Poinar & Lane, 1978
Pheromermis myrmecophila (Baylis, 1921)
Pheromermis pachysoma (von Linstow, 1905)
Pheromermis robustus Gafurov & Muratova, 1983
Pheromermis rubzovi Andreeva & Spiridonov, 1986
Pheromermis tabani Rubzov & Andreeva, 1980
Pheromermis tabanivora Gafurov, Sorokina & Muratova, 1986
Pheromermis vernalis Rubzov & Andreeva, 1980
Pheromermis vesparum Kaiser, 1987
Pheromermis villosa Kaiser, 1986
Pheromermis zaamini Gafurov, Kadyrova & Normatov, 1979
Bogdanchovtsi is a village in Gabrovo Municipality, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.


King Center may refer to:

Martin Luther King Jr. National Historical Park, Atlanta, Georgia
King Center for Nonviolent Social Change
King Center for the Performing Arts, Melbourne, Florida
Xyloolaena is a genus within Sarcolaenaceae family.
Within Sarcolaenaceae, Xyloolaena appears to be most closely related to Sarcolaena and Leptolaena.
Lizette Cabrera and Julia Grabher were the defending champions but chose not to participate.
Despina Papamichail and Camilla Rosatello won the title, defeating Francisca and Matilde Jorge in the final, 4–6, 6–2, [10–6].
The Manila Times is the oldest extant English-language newspaper in the Philippines. It is published daily by The Manila Times Publishing Corp. (formerly La Vanguardia Publishing Corporation) with editorial and administrative offices at 2/F Sitio Grande Building, 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros, Manila.
It was founded on October 11, 1898, shortly after news that the Treaty of Paris would be signed, ending the Spanish–American War and transferring the Philippines from Spanish to American sovereignty. It presently bills itself as having the fourth-largest circulation of the newspapers in the Philippines, beating the Manila Standard, but still behind the Philippine Daily Inquirer, the Manila Bulletin and The Philippine Star.
The current president and chief executive officer (CEO) and executive editor is Dante Francis "Klink" Ang II. On May 1, 2017, its chairman emeritus Dante Ang was appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte as special envoy of the President for international public relations.
Johannes Enzenhofer (born 4 October 1965) is an athlete from Austria.  He competes in triathlon.
Enzenhofer competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics.  He took 29th place with a total time of 1:51:02.48.


Diadelia bispinosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1939.
Tayloria acuminata, commonly known as acuminate dung moss and acuminate trumpet moss, is a bright-green dung moss species with violet radicles that age to a dark red. It is native to North America and Iceland, where it is found in bird cliffs in Hornstrandir. In Iceland it has the conservation status of a vulnerable species (VU).
The Kamegamori-Chinjumori Kofun (亀ヶ森・鎮守森古墳, Kamegamori-Chinjumori Kofun) are a pair of early Kofun period (late 4th century AD) megalithic tumuli located in what is now part of the town of Aizubange, Fukushima in the southern Tōhoku region of Japan. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1976.
Bryan Health (formerly BryanLGH Health System) is an American not-for-profit healthcare organization located in Lincoln, Nebraska. The system operates an acute-care hospital, several outpatient clinics and a College of Health Sciences, as well as a physician network and a heart institute.


John Thomas Brown Dumelow Platts (23 November 1848 – 6 August 1898) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1871 and 1884. He was a member of the team that played Derbyshire's first match in May 1871.
Platts was born to Robert and Alice Platts (née Dumelow) in Chellaston, Derbyshire. In his youth, he worked in the local gypsum mines, and in his spare time would pretend to play cricket by bowling stones at imaginary batsmen. An early game was for Hallam and Staveley in 1861 against an All England Eleven. He was a wheelwright by trade, but by 1868 was a professional at Ipswich School. In 1869 he played for Dudley and also for the Gentlemen of Worcester when he took 8 wickets in an innings.
In 1870, Lord Coventry helped raise a subscription for Platts to join the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Platts played a single first-class game for MCC against Nottinghamshire in June 1870 which resulted in tragedy. He was fast bowling on a badly laid wicket at Lord's when the ball struck the batsman George Summers on the head. Summers retired hurt and appeared to recover, but died four days later. W. G. Grace was also playing for MCC in the match and commented on the incident "...the bowler was not in the least to blame for the catastrophe, but he was terribly cut up, and I shall never forget his mental distraction." Platts later turned out against All England XI's, first for Lichfield when he took 10 wickets in the match, and then for Wirksworth where he was upstaged by another future Derbyshire player Dove Gregory.
After Derbyshire County Cricket Club was established, Platts played in the club's first match in the 1871 season against Lancashire in May, and for thirteen years thereafter. Although undistinguished in the first game, he came in to bowl in the second match that season and took 5 for 34. During the 1872 season he took 5–51 in the first innings of the second match against Lancashire. He took four wickets in the 1873 season, while his batting scores improved significantly in the 1874 season. All through these early years Platt appeared in matches involving All England XIs and United South of England XIs sometimes for them and sometimes against them. He was usually against the side in which W. G. Grace was playing.
At Birmingham in 1874 he was bowled by Grace, but in 1876, turning out for an assortment of clubs including Swansea, Barrow, Birmingham and Stockport, he took Grace's wicket twice. For Derbyshire in the 1876 season he was top scorer with 235. His first-class bowling took a step forward and he took 6–68 for Derbyshire against Kent. In the 1877 season he made his top score of 115 against Hampshire, which was the club's first century, and topped the scoring for Derbyshire again with 432. He took 5–18 against Lancashire that year. He continued playing other matches for and against other clubs, although this tailed out in the early 1880s. By 1881 he was running the "Rose and Crown" public house at Chellaston as well as being a professional cricketer.
In the 1880 season he took 5–26 against Yorkshire, in the 1881 season 6–39 against Lancashire and in the 1882 season 5–48 against Lancashire. Platts played against a line-up of Australians several times during the early part of the decade, fixtures intended to help the young members of the international side do their homework for possible upcoming Test fixtures against England. After the final one of these in which he participated, Platts played one final game, and, having continued steadily up the order during his career, played his penultimate game in the 1884 season as an opener.
Platts was a left-handed batsman and a right-arm round-arm slow bowler, with the added bonus of some occasionally fiendish pace to his straight-arm action.
Platts started umpiring in 1885 immediately after he stopped playing and officiated at 69 first-class games until 1896.
Later, John Platts was diagnosed with tuberculosis and died at his home in August 1898, at the age of 49.
Abaviyeh (Persian: عباويه, also Romanized as ‘Abāvīyeh; also known as ‘Abārīyeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families.
Hadsten (locally [ˈhæ(ð)ˌste̝ˀn]) is a railway town in central Denmark with a population of 8,448 (1 January 2024), and the second largest town in Favrskov Municipality after Hinnerup, located in Region Midtjylland in Central Jutland. Until 1 January 2007 it was the site of the municipal council of the now former Hadsten municipality. Other names for Hadsten are: Hadsten Stationsby.
Hadsten has many educational institutions, including a technical school, gymnasium (Secondary school), and folk high school. Hadsten is famous for having one of the largest model railways in Europe. Besides that, Hadsten has the shortest pedestrian street in Europe.
In Denmark, pronunciation of the town's name has often been the subject of confusion, as locals pronounce the name with a silent "d"; as "Ha'sten".
Kocs (Hungarian: [kot͡ʃ]) is a village in Komárom-Esztergom county, Hungary. It lies west of Tata and 65 km (40 mi) north-west of Budapest. A site of horse-drawn vehicle manufacture from the 1400s, the name is the source of the word coach and its equivalent in other languages such as: Czech kočár, Slovak koč, German Kutsche, Dutch koets, Catalan cotxe, Italian cocchio, Spanish, Portuguese, and French coche, Scandinavian kusk, and Serbian кочија (kočija).
Stenoma graphica is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It was described by August Busck in 1920. It is found in Costa Rica.
The wingspan is about 23 mm. The forewings are dark olive brown with the costal edge and apical part of the terminal edge broadly light ochreous nearly white, strongly contrasting with the dark wing. There is a small ochreous white tornal area with concolorous cilia. The middle part of the terminal cilia is dark brown concolorous with the wing. The hindwings are light brown with the extreme apex ochreous white. There is a flat projecting costal scale tuft at the apical fourth.
Hapdrok River is a small river in Turbat, Balochistan, Pakistan. The name is Balochi in origin, with the meaning "seven ways of water".
The 7 EAO Alliance is a coalition of seven ethnic armed organizations (EAOs) in Myanmar.
Maths Pathway is an online educational website based in Melbourne, used in Australian schools to teach mathematics. It differs from traditional mathematics, as it is set up in a modular format, with students working on individual pieces of learning on a computer and worksheet. These tests are read on a laptop, and written on paper.
Mārtiņš Kazāks is a Latvian economist and the current governor of the central Bank of Latvia since December 2019.
The Argentine presidential election of 1880 was held on 11 April to choose the president of Argentina. Julio Argentino Roca was elected president.
Mário Heitor Brandão de Andrade, known as Heitor (born 2 May 1978) is a Portuguese football manager and a former player. He currently coaches Gondim-Maia.


Oscar Nils Per Johansson Schellhas (born 6 May 1995) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Allsvenskan club Hammarby IF.
Losolyn Laagan (Mongolian: Лосолын Лааган;1887 - May 4, 1940) was a Mongolian politician and member of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party (MPRP) who served as chairman of the Presidium of the State Little Hural (titular Head of state of Mongolia) from April 27, 1930, to June 2, 1932.
The Corispermoideae are a subfamily of the Amaranthaceae, formerly in family Chenopodiaceae.
Power is a 2009 studio album by German electronic music artist Boys Noize.
Sir Alan Edward Ellis, KCB, QC (21 December 1890 – 28 August 1960) was a British lawyer and parliamentary draftsman.
On July 7, 2024, American media companies Skydance Media and Paramount Global announced a definitive agreement to merge in a deal valued at $8 billion, forming a new entity known as "New Paramount". The agreement values the newly formed entity at approximately $28 billion. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2025.
In 2024, after grappling with debt and striving to remain competitive in the entertainment industry, Paramount's parent company, National Amusements, explored potential merger and acquisition opportunities for Paramount Global. Numerous prominent companies, such as Sony Pictures, Warner Bros. Discovery, Apollo Global Management, Allen Media Group, and Skydance Media, have indicated their interest in exploring potential business partnerships or purchasing the company. After first coming to a merger deal with Skydance, Paramount and Skydance canceled the proposed merger on June 11 due to unsatisfactory conversations. Following a break in the talks, Skydance was able to reach a preliminary agreement on July 2, 2024, to purchase National Amusements and combine it with Paramount Global to establish what is now known as "New Paramount". After the merger closes, Skydance Media CEO David Ellison will become the chairman and CEO of the combined company.
Without a Dowry (Russian: Бесприданница) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky that premiered on 22 November [O.S. 10 November] 1878 at the Maly Theater and first published in the January 1879 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski. Met with indifference by the contemporary critics, later it came to be regarded as a classic of the Russian theatre. Yakov Protazanov directed a cinematic adaptation, Without a Dowry, which was released in 1937, and Eldar Ryazanov also adapted it into a popular 1984 film.
China competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.
Madenli can refer to:

Madenli, Aladağ
Madenli, Çayeli, a town in Rize Province
Madenli, Kurşunlu
Snickometer, commonly known as Snicko, is a system used in cricket to determine whether the ball edged the bat, for a potential dismissal such as a catch or leg before wicket. It does this by showing a frame-by-frame replay of the footage of the ball passing the bat alongside a waveform displaying the soundwave of an oscilloscope connected to a sensitive microphone near the stumps. The newer version currently in use is called Real Time Snickometer (RTS) and does not need to be manually synchronized for every piece of footage, making the process much faster. It was initially used for the broadcast team to attempt to determine whether the ball hit the bat and therefore if the umpire gave the correct decision. It is now also used for DRS reviews when the third umpire needs to determine whether the ball hit the bat, such as for when a ball is caught behind and the batsman might have edged the ball, or in the case of leg before wicket, where the batsman is not out lbw if the ball has hit the bat (or glove) before it hit their body. It is used for this purpose in tandem with Hot Spot. It was invented by English computer scientist Allan Plaskett in the mid-1990s. The snickometer was introduced by Channel 4 in the UK, who also introduced the Hawk-Eye and the Red Zone, in 1999.


Max Wyman (April 14, 1916 – February 9, 1991) was a Canadian mathematician and academic administrator. He served as president of the University of Alberta from 1969 to 1974. He was educated at the University of Alberta (BSc 1937) and California Institute of Technology (PhD magna cum laude). He rejoined his alma mater in 1943, the University of Alberta as a lecturer, and became a professor in 1956. In 1961, he was chair of the Department of Mathematics, and from 1963 to 1965 was the Dean of Science. He was named Vice President (Academic) of the university in 1964, and became president in 1969. He was the first former student of the University to become president. Wyman retired in 1974 and died in 1991.
King's Highway 18, commonly referred to as Highway 18, was a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario, located entirely within Essex County. Since 1998, the majority of the former route has been known as Essex County Road 20. The route travelled at the southernmost point in Canada, along or near the shoreline of the Detroit River and Lake Erie between Windsor and Leamington, with Highway 3 as the terminus at both ends. The former route provides access to the communities of LaSalle, Amherstburg, Malden Centre, Harrow, Kingsville and Union.
The original alignment of Highway 18 followed a completely different routing for the first 18 months of its existence than it would for the following 50 years. As it was first designated in 1930, Highway 18 provided a shortcut between Windsor and Tilbury. By early 1932, this route was renumbered as Highway 2, and a new highway between Windsor and Leamington via Amherstburg designated as Highway 18. Expansion of the highway to four lanes between Windsor and Amherstburg was first proposed in the mid-1960s, but not undertaken until the mid-1980s. In the mid-1990s, the route was determined to no longer be of provincial significance and was transferred—or downloaded—to the municipalities and township that it lay within. On April 1, 1997, Highway 18 was downloaded through LaSalle, as well between Union and Leamington; it was temporarily rerouted to end at Highway 3 in Ruthven. On January 1, 1998, the entire route was transferred to Essex County.
Sheikh Abdul Rahman bin Nasser Al-Saadi  (Arabic: الشيخ عبد الرحمن بن ناصر السعدي), also known as al-Siʿdī (1889–1957), was an Islamic Scholar from Saudi Arabia. He was a teacher and an author in Unaizah, Saudi Arabia. He authored more than 40 books in several different fields including tafsir, fiqh, and 'aqidah. al-Sa'di was an influential figure in the field of tafsir and his book of tafsir entitled Taysir al-Kareem al-Rahman has been described as arguably one of the most popular tafsirs written by modern salafi scholars. He served as the imam and khateeb for the largest jami' mosque and director of the religious training school, al-Ma'had al-'Ilmi, of Unayzah.
Eloise Sheridan (born September 1985) is an Australian cricket umpire who is part of the Development Panel of ICC Umpires. In December 2018, Sheridan and Claire Polosak became the first pair of female umpires to stand in a competitive match in Australia, when they officiated in the 2018–19 Women's Big Bash League season. In February 2019, Sheridan and Mary Waldron became the first female umpires to stand in a men's grade cricket match, during a fixture in the South Australian Grade Cricket League. Sheridan was also one of the umpires for the 2019 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier tournament in Scotland, her first international appointment.
On 28 November 2020, Sheridan and Claire Polosak were the on-field umpires for the final of the 2020–21 Women's Big Bash League season, the first time two female umpires officiated in a national final. In January 2022, Sheridan was named as one of the on-field umpires for the one-off Women's Test match as part of the Ashes series between Australia and England, her first appointment at Test match level.
She was one of the on-field umpires for the 2022 Women's Cricket World Cup in New Zealand.
The Second Battle of Lincoln occurred at Lincoln Castle on Saturday 20 May 1217, during the First Barons' War, between the forces of the future Louis VIII of France and those of King Henry III of England. Louis's forces were attacked by a relief force under the command of William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke. Thomas, Count of Perche, commanding the French troops, was killed and Louis was expelled from his base in the southeast of England. The looting that took place afterwards is known as the "Lincoln Fair". The citizens of Lincoln were loyal to Louis so Henry's forces sacked the city.
Martin Rauch (born June 15, 1965 in Bern, Switzerland) is a professional ice hockey defender. He played for the junior teams of the EHC Rot-Blau Bern ice hockey team until he started his pro career with the SC Bern hockey team.
Delta Sigma Epsilon may refer to:

Delta Sigma Epsilon (Greek army), Democratic Army of Greece founded during the 1946–1949 civil war
Delta Sigma Epsilon (sorority), a national collegiate sorority in the United States, 1914–1956
Alice Lévêque (born 9 May 1989) is a French handball player. She plays for the club ESBF Besançon and on the French national team. She represented France at the 2013 World Women's Handball Championship in Serbia.
Avatoru is the chief town of Rangiroa, a coral atoll in the Tuamotu Archipelago.
It is located in the northwestern part of the atoll, and is home to the atoll's administration buildings, its post office and several churches. Rangiroa Airport is located 5.5 km southeast of Avatoru.  The atoll's black pearl industry is centered here as well. Its population is approximately 700.
It is one of two villages located on Rangiroa, the other being Tiputa, located approximately 7 km southeast of Avatoru.
Tōru "Tohl" Narita (成田 亨, Narita Tōru, pronounced [nəˈriːtə]; September 3, 1929 – February 26, 2002) was a Japanese visual artist. He is best known for creating the characters and mechanics for the television programs in the Ultra series: Ultra Q, Ultraman, and Ultraseven.
Saint-Julien-aux-Bois (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ ʒyljɛ̃ o bwa]; Limousin: Sent Julian al Bois) is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
Judge Tidwell may refer to:

George Ernest Tidwell (1931–2011), judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
Moody R. Tidwell III (born 1939), judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims
The Journal of the American Research Center in Egypt (JARCE) is an academic journal published for the American Research Center in Egypt by Lockwood Press. It was established in 1962 to publish research "into the art, archaeology, languages, history, and social systems of the Egyptian people." As is usual for Egyptological journals, it accepts articles written in English, French, or German.
The 1970 Oakland Raiders season was the team's 11th season in Oakland. It was also their first season as members of the NFL. The Raiders would ultimately win their fourth consecutive division title (as well as their first AFC West title). They advanced to the AFC Championship Game, where they lost to the Baltimore Colts.
The Raiders' 1970 season is best remembered for a series of clutch performances by veteran placekicker/quarterback George Blanda. Blanda, despite being cut during the 1970 preseason, eventually re-joined the Raiders' roster. His ensuing season (the twenty-first of his professional career) ranked as one of the more dramatic comebacks in sports history. Over a span of five consecutive games, Blanda came off the bench to spark a series of dramatic rallies. The Raiders went an impressive 4–0–1 over this span.
Blanda's five-game "streak" began on October 25, 1970. In a home game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Blanda threw for two touchdowns in relief of an injured Daryle Lamonica. One week later, his 48-yard field goal (with three seconds remaining on the clock) salvaged a 17–17 tie with the defending Super Bowl Champion Kansas City Chiefs. One week later, on November 8, Blanda came off the bench against the Cleveland Browns. His late touchdown pass (with 1:34 remaining in the game) tied the game at 20–20. He ultimately kicked a 53-yard field goal, as time expired, to give the Raiders a stunning 23–20 victory. The following week, against the Denver Broncos, Blanda again replaced Lamonica in the fourth quarter. His touchdown pass to Fred Biletnikoff, with 2:28 left in the game, gave the Raiders an unlikely 24–19 win. The incredible streak concluded one week later against the San Diego Chargers. The Raiders managed to drive deep into Chargers territory in the game's final seconds. Blanda's last-minute 16-yard field goal sealed a dramatic 20–17 triumph.
Blanda's streak played a huge role in the Raiders' 1970 division title, as the team went a mediocre 4–4–1 in "non-streak" games. Indeed, their final record of 8–4–2 (itself a four-win drop from a 12–1–1 finish in 1969) placed them only one game ahead of the Chiefs at season's end.
The Raiders ultimately advanced to the 1970 AFC Championship Game, where they met the heavily favored 11–2–1 Baltimore Colts. During this game, Blanda again came off the bench in relief of an injured Lamonica. Blanda's solid play (17 of 32 passes for 217 yards, two touchdowns, and a 48-yard field goal) kept the Raiders in the game until the final quarter, when he was intercepted twice. At age 43, Blanda became the oldest quarterback to ever play in a championship game.
Blanda's eye-opening achievements resulted in his winning the Bert Bell Award. Chiefs' owner Lamar Hunt quipped that "...this George Blanda is as good as his father, who used to play for Houston."  While he never again played a major role at quarterback, Blanda served as the Raiders' kicker for five more seasons.
Jonathan Correia Da Fonseca (born 13 February 1994) is a Monégasque former footballer who played as a left-back.
Ascoidea asiatica is a species of yeast in the Ascoideaceae family discovered in 1964.
FK Pchinja 2015 (Macedonian: ФК Пчиња 2015) is a football club based in the village of Pchinja near Kumanovo, North Macedonia. They are currently competing in the Macedonian Third League (North Division).
Catherine Henrietta Elliot Fulton (née Valpy, 19 December 1829 – 6 May 1919) was a New Zealand diarist, community leader, philanthropist, social reformer and suffragist. She was a founding member of the Dunedin chapter of Women's Christian Temperance Union of New Zealand (WCTU NZ) in 1885 and national president of the WCTU NZ from 1889 to 1892.
Rhinocypha hageni is a species of damselfly in the family Chlorocyphidae. It is endemic to the Philippines.  Its natural habitat is rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The Saint Louis Priory School is a Catholic secondary day school for boys on a 150-acre campus in Creve Coeur, St. Louis County, Missouri, within the Archdiocese of Saint Louis. The school is run by the Benedictine monks of Saint Louis Abbey.
Mohamed Amelhaf (born 25 November 1997) is a French footballer who plays as a forward for IC Croix.
The I International Chopin Piano Competition (Polish: I Międzynarodowy Konkurs Pianistyczny im. Fryderyka Chopina) was the inaugural edition of the International Chopin Piano Competition, held from 23 to 30 March 1927 in Warsaw. Soviet pianist Lev Oborin was awarded the first prize.
"Night Piece" is a science fiction short story by American writer Poul Anderson, first published in the July 1961 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It later appeared in Anderson's 1981 collection The Dark Between the Stars.
Ivana Kindl (born 18 January 1978) is a Croatian singer.
San Ramón is a small city in the north of Canelones Department, in southern Uruguay.
San Ramón is also the name of the municipality to which the city belongs.
Breuilaufa (French pronunciation: [bʁœjofa]; Occitan: Lo Bruèlh au Fag) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Inhabitants are known as Breuilaufais in French.
Antiochtha foederalis is a moth in the family Lecithoceridae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1923. It is found in southern India.
The wingspan is 20–21 mm. The forewings are brownish, irregularly irrorated (sprinkled) with dark fuscous. The stigmata form small irregular dark fuscous spots, sometimes partially edged with whitish, the plical obliquely beyond the first discal, these sometimes united and confluent with dark fuscous suffusion extending to the costa at one-third. There is a whitish spot on the costa at three-fourths, where a whitish line, usually nearly obsolete but sometimes distinct, sharply angulated first inwards and then outwards, runs to the tornus. There are two minute whitish dots on the costa towards the apex and sometimes scattered white scales on the apical area. The hindwings are light grey, anteriorly whitish tinged.
The Zakura And Tengpora Massacre was the killing of protesters calling for the implementation of a United Nations resolution regarding the plebiscite in Kashmir at Zakura Crossing and Tengpora Bypass Road in Srinagar on 1 March 1990, in which 26 people were killed and 14 injured by Indian forces. It led Amnesty International to issue an appeal for urgent action on Kashmir.
Vega Alta is a ward (consejo popular) and an urban settlement in Camajuaní, Villa Clara, Cuba. It is in the vicinity of the Sagua la Chica River, and borders the wards of Constancia, Aguada de Moya, Carmita, and Batalla de Santa Clara.
”Vega Alta” translates to “high valley” in English, referring to the tobacco valleys in the region.
A voluntary group or union (also sometimes called a voluntary organization, common-interest association,: 266  association, or society) is a group of individuals who enter into an agreement, usually as volunteers, to form a body (or organization) to accomplish a purpose. Common examples include trade associations, trade unions, learned societies, professional associations, and environmental groups. 
All such associations reflect freedom of association in ultimate terms (members may choose whether to join or leave), although membership is not necessarily voluntary in the sense that one's employment may effectively require it via occupational closure. For example, in order for particular associations to function effectively, they might need to be mandatory or at least strongly encouraged, as is true of trade unions. Because of this, some people prefer the term common-interest association to describe groups which form out of a common interest, although this term is not widely used or understood.
Voluntary associations may be incorporated or unincorporated; for example, in the US, unions gained additional powers by incorporating. In the UK, the terms voluntary association or voluntary organisation cover every type of group from a small local residents' association to large associations (often registered charities) with multimillion-pound turnover that run large-scale business operations (often providing some kind of public service as subcontractors to government departments or local authorities).
Voluntary association is also used to refer to political reforms, especially in the context of urbanization, granting individuals greater freedoms to associate in civil society as they wished, or not at all.


Chatrai mandal is one of the 28 mandals in the Eluru district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Loudon may refer to:
The Tampa Tribune was a daily newspaper published in Tampa, Florida. Along with the competing Tampa Bay Times, the Tampa Tribune was one of two major newspapers published in the Tampa Bay area.
The newspaper also published a St. Petersburg Tribune edition, sold and distributed in Pinellas County. It published a Sunday magazine, Florida Accent, during the 1960s and 1970s. The Tampa Tribune also operated Highlands Today, a daily newspaper in Sebring. The Tribune stopped publishing the Hernando Today, which was located in Brooksville, on December 1, 2014, citing "a tough newspaper advertising climate."
On May 3, 2016, the Tampa Bay Times announced that it had acquired the Tribune, and was combining the Times and Tribune's operations, ending publication of the Tribune.
The Kraków Ghetto was one of five major metropolitan Nazi ghettos created by Germany in the new General Government territory during the German occupation of Poland in World War II. It was established for the purpose of exploitation, terror, and persecution of local Polish Jews. The ghetto was later used as a staging area for separating the "able workers" from those to be deported to extermination camps in Operation Reinhard. The ghetto was liquidated between June 1942 and March 1943, with most of its inhabitants deported to the Belzec extermination camp as well as to Płaszów slave-labor camp, and Auschwitz concentration camp, 60 kilometres (37 mi) rail distance.
Michael Hout (born May 14, 1950) is a Professor of Sociology at New York University. His contributions to sociology include using demographic methods to study social change in inequality, religion, and politics. His current work used the General Social Survey (GSS) to estimate the social standing of occupations introduced into the census classification since 1990. He digitized all occupational information in the GSS (1972–2014) and coded it all to the 2010 standard. Other recent projects used the GSS panel to study Americans' changing perceptions of class, religion, and happiness. In 2006, Mike and Claude Fischer published Century of Difference, a book on twentieth-century social and cultural trends in the United States. Other books include Truth about Conservative Christians with Andrew Greeley, Following in Father's Footsteps: Social Mobility in Ireland, and Inequality by Design
Dragoraj  (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгорај) is a village in the municipality of Ribnik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Ralph Robert Baker (born August 25, 1942) is a former professional American football player.
Baker was drafted in both the 1964 AFL and NFL drafts—the Pittsburgh Steelers selected him with their 3rd-round pick, while the New York Jets used their 6th-round pick to select him. Baker elected to sign with New York and played linebacker position for 141 games over 11 seasons (1964–1974).  This included the Jets' Super Bowl III victory. In 1979, he was hired as Vice Principal of the Chief Logan High School in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania. This period marked a time of trouble within the rebellious student body and, after one year, both Baker and the school's head principal resigned.  He retired as principal of Tuscarora Junior High School in Mifflintown, Pennsylvania, in 2010.
Baker played college football at Penn State University where he was a member of Sigma Pi fraternity.
Troi Zee (born November 9, 2002) is an American actress and singer best known for her role as Maya in the 2013 drama film 1982 and Amanda in the 2015 drama film Advantageous. Zee garnered recognition for voicing Anna in the Nickelodeon animated musical children's television series, Team Umizoomi in 2010.
Verano de Escándalo (2017) (Spanish for "Summer of Scandal") is major professional wrestling event produced by the Mexican Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA) promotion, which took place on June 4, 2017 in "Gimnasio Josué Neri Santos " in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico. The Verano de Escándalo event has been a regular summer event for AAA since 1997, only skipping the event in 2012, 2013 and 2016. 2017 marked the 18th time AAA has used that name for an event.
In the main event of the show three teams, Psycho Clown and Dr. Wagner Jr., El Nuevo Poder del Norte (Carta Brava Jr. and Soul Rocker) and Monster Clown and Murder Clown,  put their mask on the line in a Lucha de Apuestas, or bet match where the losing team was forced to unmask after the match. In the end Psycho Clown and Dr. Wagner Jr. defeated Carta Brava Jr. and Soul Rocker, while Monster Clown and Murder Clown survived the match without having to unmask. The show also featured an additional Lucha de Apuestas as Pimpinela Escarlata defeated Mamba, forcing Mamba to have all his hair shaved off after the loss. Dark Cuervo and Dark Escoria regained the AAA World Tag Team Championship from El Mesías and Pagano in a match that also included the teams of Aero Star/Drago and Australian Suicide/Bengala.
Il Capitano: A Swedish Requiem (Swedish: Il Capitano) is a 1991 Swedish-Finnish biographical drama film directed by Jan Troell about the 1988 Åmsele murders in which a family of three was murdered by Juha Valjakkala over a stolen bicycle.
Antti Reini stars as Valjakkala, renamed Jari in the film, and Maria Heiskanen as his girlfriend Marita Routalammi, renamed Minna. Being released so soon after the actual event, the film was very controversial and received highly-mixed reviews, with some critics praising it for the difficult choice of subject and others condemning it for the same reason.
John David Hennessey (1847 – 31 July 1935), also known as Rev. J. D. Hennessey and David Hennessey, journalist and author, was born in London and went to Australia in 1875. He lived in Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
Hennessey was a Methodist and Congregational minister and preached at the Wharf street Congregational Church in Brisbane and the Pitt street Congregational Church in Sydney. He founded the Australian Christian World in 1886 and edited it until 1891. In 1894 he edited the Australian Field, a weekly agricultural paper.
Hennessey retired from journalism when he was about seventy years old, however he continued his literary work until shortly before his death, which occurred after a brief illness. He was buried at the Dromana Cemetery.
As well as short stories in magazines in Australia and England, Hennessey published several novels. One, The Outlaw, was awarded second prize of £400 in a £1,000 novel competition. Hennessey kept a diary on his voyage from England to Australia on the ship Lammermuir and it is now held in the State Library of Queensland.
Shepherdswell (also Sibertswold) is a village and former civil parish, now in the parish of Shepherdswell with Coldred, in the Dover district of Kent, England. In 2011 it had a population of 1630.
Seki may refer to:
Xiphophorus continens, also known as El Quince swordtail or short-sword platyfish, is a live-bearing freshwater fish in the family Poeciliidae. It is endemic to the Pánuco River basin in east-central Mexico. Its name comes from the Greek conto, meaning short, and Latin ensis, meaning "sword". due to the species' sword size in males.
The Montreal Symphony Orchestra (French: Orchestre symphonique de Montréal, or OSM) is a Canadian symphony orchestra based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.  The orchestra’s home is the Montreal Symphony House at Place des Arts.
Migrant and refugee rescue ships that operate in the Mediterranean Sea taking part in the rescue of people endangered when attempting to migrate across the Mediterranean to Europe are often run by NGOs. They are variously chartered, donated, or bought specifically for the purpose of rescue.
ONE Friday Fights: Nong-O vs. Ramazanov (also known as ONE Lumpinee 1) was a combat sport event produced by ONE Championship that took place on January 20, 2023, at Lumpinee Boxing Stadium in Bangkok, Thailand.
N2O is the chemical formula for Nitrous oxide.
N2O or N2O may also refer to:

N2O Records, a music label
N2O (video game), a video game
Deh-e Nezam (Persian: ده نظام, also Romanized as Deh-e Neẓām; also known as Dehneẓām) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 8 families.
Dan Hill is an album by Canadian musician Dan Hill. It was released in 1987 on Columbia Records. It is Hill's eighth album in all, and his second eponymous release, following his 1975 debut album.
The lead single from the album was a duet with Vonda Shepard, "Can't We Try", which peaked at No. 6 on the Billboard Hot 100. Along with "Can't We Try", two other tracks, "Never Thought (That I Could Love)" and "Carmelia", also reached the top ten of the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart.
As part of the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor, reconstruction and upgrade works are underway on the 887-kilometre-long (551 mi) National Highway 35 (N-35), which forms the Pakistani portion of the Karakoram Highway (KKH).
Szpiro is a Polish Jewish surname, a variant of Shapiro. Notable people with this surname include:

Abram Szpiro (1912-1943), Polish chess master
Dawid Szpiro (1922-1944), Hashomer Hatzair resistance member killed by the Gestapo (see Holocaust Encyclopedia entry)
George Szpiro (born 1950), Israeli-Swiss author, journalist, and mathematician
Lucien Szpiro (1941–2020), French mathematician
Szpiro's conjecture, formulated by Lucien Szpiro
Sir Robert Hormus Kotewall  (羅旭龢; 1880–1949) was a British Hong Kong businessman, civil servant and legislator.
Khalid Muftah Mayuuf (born 2 July 1992) is a Qatari footballer who plays for Al-Rayyan. He plays primarily as a left back, but can also play as a left midfielder.
Colus aurariae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colidae, the true whelks and the like.
Mariam Maria Cordero Bibi, MH (Chinese: 瑪俐亞), nicknamed Fat Mama (Chinese: 肥媽), is a singer, actress, TV Host and DJ from Hong Kong. She grew up in Hong Kong. She also has her own cooking show, Maria's Kitchen (肥媽私房菜) on Cable TV.
The following is a list of districts and villages in Gianyar Regency. Gianyar Regency has 7 districts, sub-divided into 6 urban villages (kelurahan) and 64 rural villages (desa).: 2244–46  In mid 2022, the population was officially estimated at 523,972 with an area of 368.00 km2 and an average density of 1,424 people per km2.

		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

List of districts and villages in Gianyar Regency as follows:
Martins Heron is a suburb of Bracknell  25 miles (40 km) west of London in Berkshire, England. Martins Heron and the neighbouring suburb The Warren are after a Parliamentary Boundary review in the Bracknell constituency – until 2010 they were in the Windsor Constituency. It is in the Swinley Forest ward, which also includes Forest Park.
The name does not in fact have anything to do with the avian heron but stems from the obsolete word hern, meaning nook or corner of land. The area is bordered by Bracknell to the west and large wooded areas, notably Swinley Woods on the east and Lily Hill Park to the north.


Smoligów [smɔˈliɡuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Mircze, 21 km (13 mi) south of Hrubieszów, and 119 km (74 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Infrapatellar bursitis is inflammation of the superficial or deep infrapatellar bursa. Symptoms may include knee pain, swelling, and redness just below the kneecap. It may be complicated by patellar tendonitis.
Risk factors include kneeling or crawling. It may also be brought on by frequent bending of the knees while standing, squatting, running, or jumping. Diagnosis is generally based on symptom and physical examination. When the deep bursa is involved, bending the knee generally increases the pain. Other conditions that may appear similar include patellar tendonitis and prepatellar bursitis.
Treatment is generally by rest, alternating between ice and heat, and NSAIDs. Infrapatellar bursitis is relatively rare. It has also been called vicar's knee and clergyman's knee.


The Orange Lawn, also known as the Young Mansion, is a historic residence located in the Sonoma, California. Built in 1870 by Daniel and Maria Young, it is known for its 19th-century Italianate architecture. The mansion was restored in 1996 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 9, 2008.


Avondale Football Club was a 19th-century football club based in Strathaven, Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Odet Philippe was the first permanent, non-native settler on the  Pinellas peninsula in what is now the state of Florida, acquiring 160 acres (0.65 km2) of land in what is today Safety Harbor in 1842. He was a successful businessman who introduced cigar making and citrus to the Tampa Bay region. His descendants, including the McMullen and Booth families (for whom McMullen-Booth Road is named), are among the county’s most well known pioneer clans.
Philippe was buried in Philippe Park – his former plantation – in 1869, but the exact location of the gravesite is unknown.
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of West Sydney on 18 October 1865 because of the resignation of John Robertson due to financial difficulties.


The history of the District of Columbia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department, which grew gradually as volunteer companies formed between 1770 and 1860, then more rapidly with the addition of paid members starting in 1864 and the transition to a fully paid department in 1871, has been marked in recent years by various controversies and scandals.
Known today by a number of acronyms — DC FEMS, FEMS, DCFD, DC Fire, or Fire & EMS —  DCFEMS remains the municipal fire department and emergency medical service (EMS) agency for District of Columbia, providing fire suppression, ambulance service, technical rescue and hazardous materials containment.
Between 2000 and 2013, DCFEMS saw four Fire Chiefs: Ronnie Few, Adrian H. Thompson, Dennis L. Rubin, and Kenneth B. Ellerbe. Few's tenure is generally considered to be very troubled, with controversies over hiring and promotions, training, and firefighter grooming, as well as multimillion-dollar equipment failures. Thompson's tenure is widely praised, although there were troubles in the EMS division and continuing controversy over the grooming policy. The death of journalist David Rosenbaum led to widespread changes in the department and the merging of the firefighter and EMS divisions.
Rubin's tenure is also considered largely successful; it saw an end to the grooming policy controversy. Yet new scandals erupted over skyrocketing overtime, budget lapses, and the hiring of three deputy fire chiefs. A major controversy over the generous retirement terms offered to Deputy Chief Kenneth B. Ellerbe led to a number of investigations. Rubin resigned after a change in mayors, and Ellerbe was appointed Fire Chief.
Ellerbe's tenure has been plagued by repeated scandal, including several involving his own hiring, but also uniform changes, higher overtime pay, new communication policy, charges of lying over how to count arson in the city, and retaliation against department employees. As of fall 2013, active controversies existed over fire engine and ambulance repair, the availability of vehicles for emergencies, and the location of vehicles.
Colegio Valle de Colchagua (English: Valle de Colchagua School) is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando, Colchagua Province, Chile.
Indira Naidoo is an Australian author, journalist, and television and radio presenter, of Indian South African descent who hosts the Compass show on ABC TV
Wolfgang H. Scholz (born 5 October 1958) is a German painter, photographer and film director. He lives and works in Mexico City and Munich.
Topolica Sport Hall is a multi-purpose indoor, modern arena located in the city of Bar, Montenegro. It is the home ground of basketball club Mornar and has a capacity of 2,625 spectators.
On the ground floor of this two-storey hall there is a field suitable for basketball, handball, volleyball and regular indoor sports. Its area is 1,290 m2, capacity 2,625 spectators. In addition to the mentioned court, the hall also has a space intended for recreational table tennis, a gym of 490 m2, six locker rooms, a locker room for judges, a press center equipped with a complete projection and audio system, a conference room with a capacity of about 50 seats and a VIP lounge. The hall is surrounded by a pedestrian platform with landscaped green areas, as well as a parking space with 700 seats. A parking space for buses, police cars and ambulances has also been provided. It also has technical accessibility standards that ensure the unimpeded movement of children, the elderly, people with reduced mobility and people with disabilities, as well as any modern facility intended for holding various events.
WORD OF THE VOICE is FLOW's fifteenth single. Its A-Side was used as the second opening theme song for Persona -trinity soul-. It reached #15 on the Oricon charts in its first week and charted for 6 weeks. *
Like a Kiss that Never Ends is an album by David Murray released on the Canadian Justin Time label. Recorded in 2000 and released in 2001, the album contains performances by Murray, Andrew Cyrille, John Hicks and Ray Drummond.
"Lazarus Rising" is the fourth season premiere of the CW television series Supernatural. The episode originally aired on September 18, 2008, and was written by series creator Eric Kripke and directed by executive producer Kim Manners.
The episode is set four months after Dean goes to hell in No Rest for the Wicked at the end of season 3.  The narrative follows the brothers Dean (Jensen Ackles) and Sam Winchester (Jared Padalecki) as Dean returns from hell and tries to discover how he came back to life. The episode is perhaps most significant for introducing the angel Castiel (Misha Collins).
Phurlak is a village in Gharaunda Tehsil in Karnal District of Haryana State, India. It is located 18 km south of District headquarters Karnal, 5 km from Gharaunda (Part), and 153 km from State capital Chandigarh.
The Phurlak Pin code is 132114 and its postal head office is Gharunda. Gharaunda, Karnal, Panipat, and Taraori are the nearest cities to Phurlak. It is situated along the border of Karnal District and Panipat District. Panipat is south of Phurlak.
Tom Whittaker (born 1948 in York) was the first disabled person to climb to the summit of Mount Everest.
Whittaker's right foot needed to be amputated following a car accident in 1979. Following this serious accident, he regained his strength and continued climbing. He was educated at Idaho State University
In 1981 he founded the Cooperative Wilderness Handicapped Outdoor Group (C.W.HOG) in Pocatello, Idaho. While living in Idaho, he was active in the southeast Idaho climbing community.
His first attempt on Everest was in 1995.
On May 27, 1998, on his third attempt, Whittaker reached the summit of Mt. Everest, a lifelong dream, making him the first person with a disability to accomplish this feat.
Whittaker's current quest is to climb the highest peaks on all seven continents.
In the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours List, Whittaker was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE). Tom currently lives in Prescott Arizona with his daughter, Georgia.
Robert Lamberton may refer to:

Robert Lamberton (judge) (1809–1885), founder of the first bank in Venago County and later associate judge of the Courts of Venango County, Pa.
Robert Eneas Lamberton (1886–1941), American Republican politician
Robert D. Lamberton, professor of classics at Washington University in St. Louis and translator of Thomas the Obscure
İnanöz is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Çınar, Diyarbakır Province in Turkey. Its population is 1,083 (2022).
Carlos Conca (born November 3, 1954) is a Chilean applied mathematician, engineer and scientist. He is the first Chilean scientist to be recognized by the French government with a distinction in the field of Exact and Natural Sciences.
He was awarded with the Premio Nacional de Ciencias Exactas de Chile in 2004.
Leaves in the Storm is a 1912 silent film short directed by  and  starring Lois Weber. It was produced by Rex Motion Picture Company and distributed by the then new Universal Film Manufacturing Company.
It is preserved at the Library of Congress
Joanna Simon may refer to:

Joanna Simon (mezzo-soprano) (1936–2022), American mezzo-soprano opera singer
Joanna Simon (wine writer), British author and wine columnist
Chaetosaurus emeishanicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Chaetosaurus.
The Commemorative Medal for the Centennial of Saskatchewan, also called the Saskatchewan Centennial Medal, is a commemorative medal struck to celebrate the first 100 years since Saskatchewan's entrance into Canadian Confederation.
The medal recognizes individuals who have made significant contributions to society and honours outstanding achievements. Approximately 4,200 medals were produced.
These are the results of the men's floor competition, one of eight events for male competitors in artistic gymnastics at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
The Pakistan Oilfields Limited (Urdu: پاکستان آئل فیلڈز) is a Pakistani oil and gas exploration company which is a subsidiary of UK-domiciled Attock Oil Company. It is based in Rawalpindi, Punjab Province, Pakistan. 
In 1978, Pakistan Oilfields took over the exploration and production business of Attock Oil Company. Since then, it has been investing independently. Pakistan Oilfields is a leading oil and gas exploration and production company listed on Pakistan Stock Exchange.
Pennadam (Pen Aavu Kadam) is a panchayat town in Cuddalore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Bryan Bedford Mitchell (born April 19, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees, San Diego Padres and Miami Marlins.
Christopher McGill, professionally known as Soleternity, is a record producer, music composer, and mix engineer from Rockford, Illinois.
He has produced music for recording artists including Snoop Dogg, Tech N9ne, Bone Crusher, Young Buck, Nappy Roots, Paul Wall, Angie Stone, Adina Howard, Bun B, Lloyd, 8ball, Bizzy Bone, Webbie, Pastor Troy, Ray J, Parlae of Dem Franchize Boyz, Saigon, Joe Budden, Lil Scrappy, Krizz Kaliko, The Outlawz,  J-Bo of the YoungbloodZ, ELDee, Jarren Benton, and Khujo Goodie of Goodie Mob.
He has also worked with hundreds of independent recording artists and record labels including Def Jam Recordings, Strange Music, Jive Records, Arista Records, Evander Holyfield's East South Records, Roy Jones, Jr's Body Head Entertainment, Ricky Watters's Tigero Entertainment, Koch Records and EMI Records.


Richard Rush (April 15, 1929 – April 8, 2021) was an American film director, scriptwriter, and producer. He is known for directing The Stunt Man, for which he received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Director. His film Color of Night won a Golden Raspberry Award as the worst film of 1994, but Maxim magazine also singled the film out as having the best sex scene in film history. Rush, whose directing career began in 1960, also directed Freebie and the Bean, a police buddy comedy/drama starring Alan Arkin and James Caan. He co-wrote the screenplay for the 1990 film Air America.
Marien Tailhandier, (b. 1665 – d. 1738 or 1739), was a French soldier, surgeon and judge in New France
Born in Clermont, France, Tailhandier was the son of Antoine Tailhander, an attorney in the Auvergne region of France. 
Marien Tailhandier arrived in Quebec in 1685.  On 8 January 1688, he married Madeline Baudry in Boucherville, Quebec. The couple would eventually have two daughters. At that time of his marriage, Tailhandier was a surgeon and soldier in the company of M. Daneau de Muy. That same year, he became a notary. 
In 1699, Tailhandier was appoint as notary, judge and clerk of the seigneurial court in Boucherville.  During this period, he continued practicing surgery.  In 1702, Tailhandier received a commission as a royal notary and a clerk of court.
Tailhandier's last official act was recorded in 1730, and he was resported as deceased sometime in 1738 or 1739.
Dan Birdwell (October 14, 1940 – February 14, 1978) was an American college and professional football player.  A defensive lineman, he played collegiately for the University of Houston and professionally for the Oakland Raiders of the American Football League (AFL) from 1962 to 1969.  He was the starting left defensive tackle with Tom Keating on the right side for the 1967 AFL Champion Raiders with their 13–1 win–loss record, which saw them win the 1967 AFL Championship, their first league championship in team history. They played for the AFL in the second AFL-NFL World Championship game, which they lost 33–14. In that season, the front four of  Birdwell, Keating, Ike Lassiter, and Ben Davidson combined for impressive totals of 67 sacks and 666 yards lost; unofficially, Birdwell had 14.5 sacks, a career high that topped his ten from the previous season.
An eccentric character as described by his teammates, Birdwell is credited with the following quote regarding the necessary mindset to play professional football:  "You have to play this game like somebody just hit your mother with a two by four."
Birdwell died of a massive heart attack at age 37 on February 14, 1978. It was reported that he had previously had been ill since with fever, aches and pains and other flu‐like symptoms days prior to his death.
Shafey Kidwai (born 8 April 1960) is an  Indian academic,  bilingual critic,  translator,  columnist,  and author. He is the professor  in the Department of Mass Communications at Aligarh Muslim University. He has written twelve books in English and Urdu. His seminal study, Sir Syed Ahmad Khan, Reason, Religion and Nation (Routledge,2020) has been reviewed many times.   He writes for The Hindustan Times, The Indian Express,  The Hindu, The Frontline, The Outlook, Indian Literature, The Book Review, The Statesman, and Siyasat.com. Many reputed literary journals of the subcontinent carry his articles regularly and he  is often regarded as one of the best modern academic critics in Urdu.
Prof. Shafey Kidwai is the current Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences at Aligarh Muslim University (from June 26, 2024) . He also serves as the Director of the Sir Syed Academy.
He studied at Lucknow and Varanasi and lives in Aligarh with his wife Shaista Faridi, son Shaghil Kidwai and his elder son Sharif Kidwai works for Apple Inc and settled in the United States . He is  a grandson of famous author and scholar  Maulana Abdul Majid Daryabadi. He participates in seminars and literary festivals regularly.Shafey kidwai was a member of the General Council of Sahitya academy and National Council for the promotion of Urdu. He was the convener of Bhasha Samiti(Urdu)Saraswati Samman and Bhartiya Jnanpith.         
His 2017 work Sawaneh-e-Sir Syed: Ek Bazdeed - a biography of Sir Syed won the 2019  Sahitya Akademi Award for Urdu. A previous work Urdu Literature and Journalism: Critical Perspective was published by Cambridge University Press India. With this well-researched source of information, Shafey Kidwai has turned a new page in the history of Urdu journalism. 
In 2018, Kidwai was awarded the Iqbal Samman by the Government of Madhya Pradesh for his service to promotion of Urdu literature. UP Urdu Academy has also conferred its highest literary honour Khusro Award to him in 2018. He is a bilingual critic and communication expert and his fortnightly column on literature, Culture and media Going Native appears in the Friday Review, The Hindu. He is the chief editor of Aligarh Journal of Communication and he is on the editorial board of several peer-reviewed communicational journals including research journal jointly published by University of Purdue and Kolkata.
Brinscall is a village in the Borough of Chorley, Lancashire, England. Located approximately five miles north-east of Chorley, Brinscall borders the similar-sized villages of Withnell and Abbey Village. Brinscall is part of the civil parish of Withnell but does not have its own boundaries. However, an area used in the 2001 census that covers approximately the same area as the village had a population of 1,431. The village population at the 2011 census was 1,388.
Heinz Paul (13 August 1893 – 14 March 1983) was a German screenwriter, film producer and director. He was married to the actress Hella Moja.
GNU Ubiquitous Intelligent Language for Extensions (GNU Guile) is the preferred extension language system for the GNU Project and features an implementation of the programming language Scheme. Its first version was released in 1993.  In addition to large parts of Scheme standards, Guile Scheme includes modularized extensions for many different programming tasks.
For extending programs, Guile offers libguile which allows the language to be embedded in other programs, and integrated closely through the C language application programming interface (API); similarly, new data types and subroutines defined through the C API can be made available as extensions to Guile.
Guile is used in many programs under the GNU project umbrella (GDB,  Make,  Guix, GNU TeXmacs, GnuCash, LilyPond, Lepton-EDA...) but it also sees use outside of that, for example in Google's schism.


Çatalca (Turkish pronunciation: [tʃaˈtaɫdʒa]) is a municipality and district of Istanbul Province, Turkey. Its area is 1142 km2, making it the largest district in Istanbul Province by area. Its population is 77,468 (2022). It is in East Thrace, on the ridge between the Marmara and the Black Sea. Most people living in Çatalca are either farmers or those visiting vacation homes. Many families from Istanbul come to Çatalca during weekends to hike in the forests or have picnics.
Vito Antuofermo (Italian pronunciation: [ˈviːto antwoˈfermo]; born February 9, 1953) is an Italian American actor and retired professional boxer. He is a former undisputed World Middleweight Champion.
Angharad Llwyd (15 April 1780 – 16 October 1866) was a Welsh antiquary and a prizewinner at the National Eisteddfod of Wales. She is generally considered one of the most important collectors and copiers of manuscripts of the period.
Kazhimukan Munaitpasov Stadium may refer to one of the following multi-purpose stadiums in Kazakhstan used mostly for football matches:

Kazhymukan Munaitpasov Stadium (Astana)
Kazhymukan Munaitpasov Stadium (Shymkent)
The 2000–01 season was the 98th season in the existence of Boavista F.C. and the club's 32nd consecutive season in the top flight of Portuguese football. Boavista won its first, and to date only, league championship.
In addition to the domestic league, Boavista participated in this season's editions of the Taça de Portugal and the UEFA Cup.
Tomaso Spinola (Genoa, 1557 - Genoa, 1631) was the 90th Doge of the Republic of Genoa.
The outer and inner segments of vertebrate retina rod photoreceptor cells contain phosducin, a soluble phosphoprotein that complexes with the beta/gamma-subunits of the guanosine triphosphate-binding protein, transducin. Light-induced changes in cyclic nucleotide levels modulate the phosphorylation of phosducin by protein kinase A. The protein is thought to participate in the regulation of visual phototransduction or in the integration of photoreceptor metabolism. Similar proteins have been isolated from the pineal gland and it is believed that the function of the protein is the same in both retina and pineal gland.
Visual object recognition refers to the ability to identify the objects in view based on visual input. One important signature of visual object recognition is "object invariance", or the ability to identify objects across changes in the detailed context in which objects are viewed, including changes in illumination, object pose, and background context.


Ajim Khan (Urdu: اجم خان) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. It is located at 32°25'39N 69°28'13E with an altitude of 1814 metres (5954 feet).


Singles Going Steady is a compilation album by English punk rock band Buzzcocks, first released on I.R.S. Records in the United States on 25 September 1979.
Happy Couple (French:Bonheur conjugal) is a 1923 French silent film directed by Robert Saidreau.
Raithby is a village in the Stellenbosch Local Municipality. As of the 2011 census, the village had a population of 908.  It lies on the western side of the R44, just off the Winery Road that leaves the R44 to connect Stellenbosch with Firgrove. Amenities in Raithby include a Methodist church and a church-owned primary school.


Jettingen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Atyashevsky District (Russian: Атя́шевский райо́н; Erzya: Отяжбуе, Otäžbuje; Moksha: Атяшевань аймак, Atäševań ajmak) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia. It is located in the east of the republic. The area of the district is 1,095.8 square kilometers (423.1 sq mi). Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Atyashevo. As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 20,161, with the population of Atyashevo accounting for 31.0% of that number.
The Lindisfarne Football Club, nicknamed the Two Blues, is an Australian rules football club currently playing in the Southern Football League in Tasmania, Australia.
Manuel Campos (born 12 July 1981) is a Portuguese gymnast. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Helgason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning son of Helgi. In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name may refer to:

Agnar Helgason (born 1968), Icelandic scientist; researcher in genetic anthropology
Árni Helgason (1260–1320), Icelandic Roman Catholic clergyman; Bishop of Iceland 1304–20
Asgeir Helgason (born 1975), Icelandic scientist; working in Sweden
Auðun Helgason (born 1974), Icelandic professional football player
Einarr Helgason (fl. 10th century), Icelandic skald (Old Norse poet)
Hallgrímur Helgason (born 1959), Icelandic artist and author
Jóhannes Helgason (born 1958), Icelandic guitar player and airline pilot
Jón Helgason (poet) (1899–1986), Icelandic philologist and poet
Jón Helgason (minister) (born 1931), Icelandic politician and former minister
Sigurdur Helgason (airline executive), Icelandic airline innovator
Sigurdur Helgason (mathematician) (1927–2023), Icelandic mathematician
Tomrair mac Ailchi (Thorir Helgason), tenth-century Viking king of Limerick
Halldor Helgason (born 1991), Icelandic professional snowboarder
Takemikazuchi (建御雷/武甕槌) is a deity in Japanese mythology, considered a god of thunder and a sword god. He also competed in what is considered the first sumo wrestling match recorded in history.
He is otherwise known as "The kami of Kashima" (Kashima-no-kami), the chief deity revered in the Kashima Shrine at Kashima, Ibaraki (and all other subsidiary Kashima shrines). In the namazu-e or catfish prints of the Edo period, Takemikazuchi/Kashima is depicted attempting to subdue the Namazu, a giant catfish supposedly dwelling at the kaname-ishi (要石, 'pinning rock') of the Japanese landmass and causing its earthquakes.
The history of Jordan refers to the history of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan and the background period of the Emirate of Transjordan under British protectorate as well as the general history of the region of Transjordan.

There is evidence of human activity in Transjordan as early as the Paleolithic period. The area was settled by nomadic tribes in the Bronze Age, which consolidated in small kingdoms during the Iron Age – such as the Ammonites, Moabites and Edomites, with partial areas controlled by the Israelites. In the classic period, Transjordan came under Greek and later Roman influence. Under the Romans and the Byzantines, Transjordan was home to the Decapolis in the north, with much of the region being designated as Byzantine Arabia. Classical kingdoms located in the region of Transjordan, such as the Roman-era Nabatean kingdom, which had its capital at Petra, left particularly dramatic ruins popular today with tourists and filmmakers. The history of Transjordan continued with the Muslim empires starting in the 7th century, partial crusader control in the mid-Middle Ages (country of Oultrejordain) and finally, Mamluk rule from the 13th century and Ottoman rule between the 16th century and the First World War.
With the Great Arab Revolt in 1916 and the consequent British invasion, the area came under the Anglo-Arab ruled Occupied Enemy Territory Administration East in 1917, which was declared as the Arab Kingdom of Syria in 1920. Following the French occupation of only the northern part of the Syrian Kingdom, Transjordan was left in a period of interregnum. A few months later, Abdullah, the second son of Sharif Hussein, arrived in Transjordan. With the Transjordan memorandum to the Mandate for Palestine in the early 1920s, it became the Emirate of Transjordan under the Hashemite Emir. In 1946, independent Hashemite Kingdom of Transjordan was formed and shortly admitted to the United Nations and the Arab League. In 1948, Jordan fought with the newly born state of Israel over lands of former Mandatory Palestine, effectively gaining control of the West Bank and annexing it with its Palestinian population. Jordan lost the West Bank in the 1967 War with Israel, and since became the central base of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) in its struggle against Israel. The alliance between the PLO and the Jordanians, active during the War of Attrition, came to an end in the bloody Black September in Jordan in 1970, when a civil war between Jordanians and Palestinians (with Syrian Ba'athist support) took thousands of lives. In the aftermath, the defeated PLO was forced out of Jordan together with tens of thousands of its fighters and their Palestinian families, relocating to South Lebanon.
Justice Yakubu Itua (October 9, 1941 – August 8, 2006) was a Nigerian jurist and formal member of the federal House of Representatives in 1983. He was appointed a judge in the Edo state judiciary in 1999, by the then military governor of Edo state, Navy Captain Anthony Onyearugbulem with recommendation by the National Judiciary commission.
This event was held on 2 February 2013 as part of the 2013 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in Louisville, Kentucky, United States. Belgian Sven Nys took home the gold for the second time in his career, a few seconds ahead of Klaas Vantornout, another Belgian. In the background, Lars van der Haar of the Netherlands managed to secure a third spot in his first year with the elite men.
Venus Asks Vulcan to Forge Arms for her Son Aeneas or Venus at Vulcan's Forge is a 1630–1632 oil on canvas painting by Anthony van Dyck, now in the Louvre Museum, in Paris. It depicts a scene from Virgil's Aeneid (Book VIII, lines 370–385) in which Venus asks her husband Vulcan to forge weapons for Aeneas, her son by Anchises, with her other son Cupid appearing in the centre foreground.
It does not appear in the 1683 Charles Le Brun inventory of Louis XIV's collections, but was acquired by the latter sometime before the compilation of the 1709 inventory by Jacques Bailly. It had been expanded at the top and bottom by 1709, probably in the late 17th century. It was first exhibited at its present home in 1793.


One Night in the Temple is the twelfth album by the American rock band Lillian Axe, and their second live album. It was recorded before an audience of 50 friends, family and fans at Sound Landing Studio, a still functioning Masonic Temple where the band had recorded four other albums. Blaze said, "There is a great aura about the place, and we are very comfortable there. In addition to Lillian Axe, I have worked with many other projects there as a guest guitarist and a producer."
The album was released May 27, 2014. It features live performances of their most popular songs intertwined with stories behind the songs. The album also features the original vocalist for Lillian Axe Johnny Vines on the songs "Misery Loves Company" and "Nobody Knows", the latter also including vocals by Brian C. Jones.
The song "Bow Your Head" was inspired by the story of Tripp Roth, a Louisiana toddler born in 2009 who was diagnosed with the rare genetic skin disease junctional epidermolysis bullosa. Blaze was so moved by the boy's story that he wrote the track, which originally appeared on XI: The Days Before Tomorrow. Roth died shortly before the song's release in 2011; his mother was present for the acoustic show recording.
The album was filmed in high definition. The Blu-Ray and DVD contain the acoustic live performance, fan questions and answers, the videos for "Caged In" and "Death Comes Tomorrow", live footage from the July 4, 2013, concert at the Paragon Casino, and behind-the-scenes footage.
Zilus is a genus of lady beetles in the family Coccinellidae.
Soengh is a khum (commune) of Ou Chrov District in Banteay Meanchey Province in north-western Cambodia.
The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, located in Springfield, Massachusetts, honors players who have shown exceptional skill at basketball, all-time great coaches, referees, and other major contributors to the sport. It is named after Dr. James Naismith, who conceived the sport in 1891; he was inducted into the Hall as a contributor in 1959. The Player category has existed since the beginning of the Hall of Fame. For a person to be eligible on the ballot for Hall of Fame honors as a player, he or she must be fully retired for three years. If a player retired for a short period, then "his/her case and eligibility is reviewed on an individual basis".
As part of the inaugural class of 1959, four players were inducted; over 150 more individuals have been inducted as players since then. Five players have also been inducted as coaches: John Wooden in 1973, Lenny Wilkens in 1998, Bill Sharman in 2004, Tom Heinsohn in 2015, and Bill Russell in 2021.
Of the inducted players, 30 were also members of teams that have been inducted into the Hall as units.

Zack Clayton, Tarzan Cooper, William "Pop" Gates, and John Isaacs were members of the New York Renaissance. The induction category of another former player for the team, Nathaniel "Sweetwater" Clifton, is subject to dispute; he was originally announced as a contributor, but is now listed with player inductees by the Hall.
Marques Haynes and Reece "Goose" Tatum were two of the most famous players of the Harlem Globetrotters. Five other players who made their greatest contributions with other teams—Sonny Boswell, Wilt Chamberlain, Connie Hawkins, Inman "Big Jack" Jackson, Albert "Runt" Pullins, and Lynette Woodard—were members of the Globetrotters at some point in their professional careers. Furthermore, longtime member Meadowlark Lemon has been inducted as a contributor, and the aforementioned Clifton, who briefly played for the team, is (depending on definitions) a member as either a player or contributor.
Walt Bellamy, Jerry Lucas, Oscar Robertson, and Jerry West were members of the 1960 United States Olympic Team.
Charles Barkley, Larry Bird, Clyde Drexler, Patrick Ewing, Magic Johnson, Michael Jordan, Karl Malone, Chris Mullin, Scottie Pippen, David Robinson, and John Stockton were members of the 1992 United States Olympic Team, better known as the "Dream Team". In fact, all but one of the players on the "Dream Team" roster (Christian Laettner) have been inducted in the Hall of Fame as individuals.
"Every Grain of Sand" is a song written by Bob Dylan, recorded in Los Angeles in the spring of 1981 and released in August of that year on Dylan's album Shot of Love.  It was subsequently included on the compilation Biograph. An early version of the song, recorded in September 1980 and featuring Jennifer Warnes on backing vocal, was released in 1991 on The Bootleg Series Volumes 1–3 (Rare & Unreleased) 1961–1991.
Belizeans are people associated with the country of Belize through citizenship or descent. Belize is a multiethnic country with residents of Ethnic groups of Amerindian, African, European, Asian and Middle-eastern descent or mixed race with any combination of those groups.
Colonisation, slavery, and immigration have played major roles in affecting the ethnic composition of the population and as a result, Belize is a country with numerous cultures, languages, and ethnic groups.
Alexandra Berková (2 July 1949 – 16 June 2008) was a Czech writer and educator.
The daughter of an orchestra conductor and a journalist, she was born in Trenčín and studied Czech literature and applied arts at Charles University in Prague. From 1973 to 1981, she worked as an editor for a publishing house and, after 1905, as a high school teacher in creative arts. From 1983 to 1991, Berková wrote for Czechoslovak Television. After the 1989 Revolution, she helped organize the Writers' Council and helped found the feminist group New Humanity.
She married the painter Vladimír Novák and they had two children but later separated.
Her work appears in English translation in the following collections:

Description of a Struggle: The Picador Book of Contemporary East European Prose (1994)
Daylight in Nightclub Inferno: Czech Fiction from the Post-Kundera Generation (1997)
Allskin and Other Tales by Contemporary Czech Women (1998)
Povidky: Short Stories by Czech Women (2006)
Öxarárfoss (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈœksarˌaurˌfɔsː] ) is a waterfall in Þingvellir National Park, Iceland. It flows from the river Öxará over the Almannagjá [ˈalˌmanːaˌcauː]. The pool at the base of the waterfall is filled with rocks and is often extremely icy during winter.
The waterfall is one of the main attractions of Þingvellir National Park and there is a path from the nearby car park leading up to it.
"Going to a Town" is a song written and performed by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was the first single from the album Release the Stars, released on April 3, 2007, in the United States and on May 7 in the United Kingdom.
Maes-e is a Welsh-language internet forum created on 18 August 2002 by Nic Dafis. At its height the site has over 3,000 registered members and was considered an important contribution to the development of the online Welsh-speaking community and the use of the language in cyberspace.
The website allows members to discuss all manner of subjects, and contains subforums on a variety of topics, such as music, computers, cinema, the Welsh language, politics and so on. It has also become a place for the Welsh-language music scene's artists to release information concerning concert dates and new material, but perhaps more importantly in terms of internet use it has proven to be an important place for those wishing to develop Welsh language software and language packs (such as those for Firefox and Windows) to exchange ideas, advice and technical information.
Nic Dafis retired as administrator of the website on 31 December 2007, handing over control to Hedd Gwynfor, a grandchild of Gwynfor Evans.
The site is named after a track of the same name from an album called Libertino by Datblygu.
Although still online as of 2024, the site has seen little use in the last decade, with online forums generally having declined in favour of social media.
In the mathematical field of analysis, uniform convergence is a mode of convergence of functions stronger than pointwise convergence. A sequence of functions 
  
    
      
        (
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle (f_{n})}
  
 converges uniformly to a limiting function 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  
 on a set 
  
    
      
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle E}
  
 as the function domain if, given any arbitrarily small positive number 
  
    
      
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \epsilon }
  
, a number 
  
    
      
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle N}
  
 can be found such that each of the functions 
  
    
      
        
          f
          
            N
          
        
        ,
        
          f
          
            N
            +
            1
          
        
        ,
        
          f
          
            N
            +
            2
          
        
        ,
        …
      
    
    {\displaystyle f_{N},f_{N+1},f_{N+2},\ldots }
  
 differs from 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  
 by no more than 
  
    
      
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \epsilon }
  
 at every point 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  
 in 
  
    
      
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle E}
  
.  Described in an informal way, if 
  
    
      
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f_{n}}
  
 converges to 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  
 uniformly, then how quickly the functions 
  
    
      
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f_{n}}
  
 approach 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  
 is "uniform" throughout 
  
    
      
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle E}
  
 in the following sense: in order to guarantee that 
  
    
      
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle f_{n}(x)}
  
 differs from 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(x)}
  
 by less than a chosen distance 
  
    
      
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \epsilon }
  
, we only need to make sure that 
  
    
      
        n
      
    
    {\displaystyle n}
  
 is larger than or equal to a certain 
  
    
      
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle N}
  
, which we can find without knowing the value of 
  
    
      
        x
        ∈
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle x\in E}
  
 in advance.  In other words, there exists a number 
  
    
      
        N
        =
        N
        (
        ϵ
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle N=N(\epsilon )}
  
 that could depend on 
  
    
      
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \epsilon }
  
 but is independent of 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  
, such that choosing 
  
    
      
        n
        ≥
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle n\geq N}
  
 will ensure that 
  
    
      
        
          |
        
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
        (
        x
        )
        −
        f
        (
        x
        )
        
          |
        
        <
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle |f_{n}(x)-f(x)|<\epsilon }
  
 for all 
  
    
      
        x
        ∈
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle x\in E}
  
. In contrast, pointwise convergence of 
  
    
      
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f_{n}}
  
 to 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  
 merely guarantees that for any 
  
    
      
        x
        ∈
        E
      
    
    {\displaystyle x\in E}
  
 given in advance, we can find 
  
    
      
        N
        =
        N
        (
        ϵ
        ,
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle N=N(\epsilon ,x)}
  
 (i.e., 
  
    
      
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle N}
  
 could depend on the values of both 
  
    
      
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \epsilon }
  
 and 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  
) such that, for that particular 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  
, 
  
    
      
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle f_{n}(x)}
  
 falls within 
  
    
      
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \epsilon }
  
 of 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        x
        )
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(x)}
  
 whenever 
  
    
      
        n
        ≥
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle n\geq N}
  
 (and a different 
  
    
      
        x
      
    
    {\displaystyle x}
  
 may require a different, larger 
  
    
      
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle N}
  
 for 
  
    
      
        n
        ≥
        N
      
    
    {\displaystyle n\geq N}
  
 to guarantee that 
  
    
      
        
          |
        
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
        (
        x
        )
        −
        f
        (
        x
        )
        
          |
        
        <
        ϵ
      
    
    {\displaystyle |f_{n}(x)-f(x)|<\epsilon }
  
).
The difference between uniform convergence and pointwise convergence was not fully appreciated early in the history of calculus, leading to instances of faulty reasoning.  The concept, which was first formalized by Karl Weierstrass, is important because several properties of the functions 
  
    
      
        
          f
          
            n
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f_{n}}
  
, such as continuity, Riemann integrability, and, with additional hypotheses, differentiability, are transferred to the limit 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  
 if the convergence is uniform, but not necessarily if the convergence is not uniform.
Under Heaven Over Hell is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Streetheart, released in 1979. The band's covers of Under My Thumb (The Rolling Stones), and Here Comes the Night (Them), both charted in Canada. In December 1979, Under Heaven Over Hell was certified Platinum in Canada (in excess of 100,000 copies sold). This was the second and last Streetheart album to feature Matt Frenette after he left to join Paul Dean in Loverboy.
George Robert Wood (7 December 1865 – 3 September 1948) played first-class cricket for Somerset in 1893 and 1894. He was born at Reading, Berkshire and died at Lyme Regis, Dorset.
Rutilodexia is a genus of parasitic flies in the family Tachinidae.
Live 1999 may refer to:

Burning Japan Live 1999 live album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy
Pedro Suárez-Vértiz Alva (13 February 1969 – 28 December 2023) was a Peruvian singer-songwriter and guitarist. He founded the popular rock band Arena Hash with his brother Patricio, Arturo Pomar, and Christian Meier in 1987. A few years later, the band disbanded, and Suárez-Vértiz began his solo career.
Suárez-Vértiz was the winner of Orgullosamente Latino 2004 (Proudly Latin 2004) and was also awarded Best Latin Soloist of the Year in Mexico that same year. 
Suárez-Vértiz was well known for his multitudinous concerts, his vocal rhythm, his extensive guitar collection, his abstinence from alcohol and tobacco, his philanthropy, and his personality. In 2020, Billboard magazine named his hit song "Los Globos Del Cielo" as number 14 on the list of The 25 Timeless Masterpieces of Rock in Spanish. His albums Póntelo en la lengua and Ponerme a Volar are among the best-selling albums in Perú.
Kearns ( kurnz) is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. Named after Utah's U.S. Senator Thomas Kearns, it had a population of 36,723 at the 2020 Census.
This was a 2.8 percent increase over the 2010 figure of 35,731.
Kearns is home to the Utah Olympic Oval, an indoor speed skating oval built for the 2002 Winter Olympics.


"Larger than Life" is a song by American boy band Backstreet Boys from their third studio album, Millennium. It was released on September 7, 1999, as the second single from the album. It was written by band member Brian Littrell with Max Martin and Kristian Lundin, who also produced the song along with Rami Yacoub. The song is a "thank you" for their fans' encouragement and devotion. Music critics praised its memorable melody, singalong lyrics, and the band's vocal performance. It was also on Blender's list of the 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born.
Commercially, the song became a top-10 hit in over 14 countries. The song became the band's eighth consecutive top-five single in the United Kingdom, peaking at number five in October 1999. The music video, directed by Joseph Kahn, the 18th-most-expensive music video as of 2024, with estimated production costs of over $2,100,000 (equivalent to $3,840,911 in 2023). It also broke the record for longest-running number one on MTV's Total Request Live.
Mohammad Abbaszadeh (Persian: محمد عباس‌زاده; born 9 May 1990) is an Iranian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Persian Gulf Pro League club Nassaji Mazandaran.
Numan Gumaa (Arabic: نعمان جمعة) (1937–2014) was an Egyptian attorney and politician.
This article lists those who have held the office of the Minister of Agrarian Affairs and Spatial Planning in Indonesia as well as its forerunners.
Gorru is a seeder in India. It is used for applying fertilizers and sowing sorghum, groundnut, Bengal gram, green gram, black gram, and cowpea. It is animal-driven. It is also used for weed control.
In mathematics, especially real analysis, a real function is flat at 
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            0
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{0}}
  
 if all its derivatives at 
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            0
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{0}}
  
 exist and equal 0. 
A function that is flat at 
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            0
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{0}}
  
 is not analytic at 
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            0
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{0}}
  
 unless it is constant in a neighbourhood of 
  
    
      
        
          x
          
            0
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle x_{0}}
  
 (since an analytic function must equals the sum of its Taylor series).
An example of a flat function at 0 is the function such that 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        0
        )
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(0)=0}
  
 and 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        x
        )
        =
        
          e
          
            −
            1
            
              /
            
            
              x
              
                2
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\textstyle f(x)=e^{-1/x^{2}}}
  
 for 
  
    
      
        x
        ≠
        0.
      
    
    {\displaystyle x\neq 0.}
  

The function need not be flat at just one point. Trivially, constant functions on 
  
    
      
        
          R
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} }
  
 are flat everywhere. But there are also other, less trivial, examples; for example, the function such that 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        x
        )
        =
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle f(x)=0}
  
 for 
  
    
      
        x
        ≤
        0
      
    
    {\displaystyle x\leq 0}
  
 and 
  
    
      
        f
        (
        x
        )
        =
        
          e
          
            −
            1
            
              /
            
            
              x
              
                2
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\textstyle f(x)=e^{-1/x^{2}}}
  
 for 
  
    
      
        x
        >
        0.
      
    
    {\displaystyle x>0.}
Mahammadali bey Mekhfi (Azerbaijani: محمدعلی بگ مخفی, Məhəmmədəli bəy Məxfi) was an Azerbaijani poet, titular adviser, member of the Mejlis-Uns, and author of the work "Ahvalati – Garabagh" (Azerbaijani: اﺣﻮاﻻت ﻗﺮاﺑﺎغ, Əhvalati-Qarabağ).


Killers & Rockers were a house-trio, consisting of Swedish DJ Avicii (Tim Bergling), and the American DJs Starkillers (Nick Terranova) & Austin Leeds. They released one EP, I Always DJ Naked, and had a 12-track album planned, which was later cancelled after Berglings' rapid success following the release of "Bromance". The group subsequently disbanded because Bergling allegedly did not have time to finish their planned album.
After their split, Terranova and Bergling began feuding as Terranova accused Bergling of stealing "Bromance", a song which Terranova claimed he had developed. He then raised critique of Bergling's then-manager, Arash Pournouri, for persuading Bergling to not credit him on the song.
Reido is a Belarusian doom metal band.
José Iraragorri Ealo (16 March 1912 – 27 April 1983), nicknamed "Chato", was a Spanish footballer who played as an inside left.
Roxbury is a census-designated place (CDP) in McPherson County, Kansas, United States.  As of the 2020 census, the population was 70.  It is located about 10.5 miles east of Interstate 135.
Elizabeth (also spelled Elisabeth; Hebrew: אֱלִישֶׁבַע "My God is abundance", Standard Hebrew: Elišévaʿ, Tiberian Hebrew: ʾĔlîšéḇaʿ; Greek: Ἐλισάβετ Elisabet / Elisavet) was the mother of John the Baptist, the wife of Zechariah and the elder sister of Mary, mother of Jesus, according to the Gospel of Luke and in Islamic tradition. She was past normal child-bearing age when she conceived and gave birth to John.


The 2005 French riots led to a domestic and international response.
WorldEnd, short for What Do You Do at the End of the World? Are You Busy? Will You Save Us? (終末なにしてますか？　忙しいですか？　救ってもらっていいですか？, Shūmatsu Nani Shitemasu ka? Isogashii Desu ka? Sukutte Moratte Ii Desu ka?), also known as SukaSuka, is a Japanese light novel series written by Akira Kareno and illustrated by Ue. The series' first volume was published by Kadokawa Shoten under their Sneaker Bunko imprint on November 1, 2014, with the series ending with the release of the fifth volume in April 2016. A sequel series titled Shūmatsu Nani Shitemasu ka? Mō Ichido dake, Aemasu ka? (終末なにしてますか？もう一度だけ、会えますか？), also known as SukaMoka, began publication with the release of the first volume in April 2016.
Nicaragua competed at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in Eugene, United States, from 15 to 24 July 2022.
A fleuron (), also known as printers' flower, is a typographic element, or glyph, used either as a punctuation mark or as an ornament for typographic compositions. Fleurons are stylized forms of flowers or leaves; the term derives from the Old French: floron ("flower"). Robert Bringhurst in The Elements of Typographic Style calls the forms "horticultural dingbats". A commonly encountered fleuron is the ❦, the floral heart or hedera (ivy leaf). It is also known as an aldus leaf (after Italian Renaissance printer Aldus Manutius).
Reiner Alvey Castro Barrera (born 10 January 1994) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a forward for Chilean club Universidad de Concepción.
Hussainpur is a census town in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab. It is situated in Jalandhar II Tehsil. The village code is 030405.
Morgan Parra (born 15 November 1988) is a former French rugby union player who played as a Scrum-half and occasionally Fly-half. He played most of his career with Clermont Auvergne after signing for them from Bourgoin. He is of Portuguese origin through his father, Antonio.
Pool B (Tunis) of the 2018 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Group III was one of four pools in the Europe/Africa Group III of the 2018 Fed Cup. Five teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team and bottom teams proceeding to their respective section of the play-offs: the top team played for advancement to Group II.
"In My Daughter's Eyes" is a song by American country music artist Martina McBride, recorded for her seventh studio album Martina (2003). The song was written by James T. Slater and was produced by McBride and Paul Worley. It was pushed to country radio by RCA Nashville as the second single from the album in November 2003.
The song became McBride's 18th top ten hit, peaking at number four on the US Hot Country Songs chart. A crossover hit, it also peaked at number three on Adult Contemporary and 39 on the all-genre Billboard Hot 100.
The Sri Suvisuddharamaya Temple is a Buddhist temple which is located in the North-Western province, Manakkulama, in Sri Lanka. The website www.saddha.org has noted: 

"Over the past ten years, Sri Suvisuddharamaya Temple has become one of the favourite venues for religious study groups, school excursions and community group outings. Sri Suvisuddharamaya offers regular events, such as meditation retreats."
The site has been open to visits from tourists.
Enrique Ramiro Pujals is a Brazilian mathematician known for his contributions to the understanding of dynamical systems. Since fall of 2018, he has been a professor at the Graduate Center at the City University of New York.
Si Don Chai (Thai: ศรีดอนชัย) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Khong District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. In 2013, it had a population of 8,813 people. The tambon contains 18 villages.
WHY is a Canadian Alternative Rock band from Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Formed in 1993, WHY released its first album The Naked Soul in 1994.
WHY had two singles from the album Red (2007), "The Surface" and "Red".  The latter song was song of the year on Winnipeg radio station KICK FM. 
Their most recent album was Despite All Of The Darkness (2019), with singles "Repair The Breach", "Not The End", "Slivers". 
WHY released single "Calloused Heart" (2022) (from forthcoming album) followed by their recent single "Soul Declares" (2024)
WHY have just released an EP "Soul Declares (single mixes) featuring 2 versions of the single, 2 remixes by WATERMARK and the single "Calloused Heart".  
WHY have played multiple festivals and venues in support of their releases.
The Harpsichord Concerto in D minor, BWV 1052, is a concerto for harpsichord and Baroque string orchestra by Johann Sebastian Bach. In three movements, marked Allegro, Adagio and Allegro, it is the first of Bach's harpsichord concertos, BWV 1052–1065.
The Higashidōri Nuclear Power Plant (東通原子力発電所, Higashidōri genshiryoku hatsudensho, Higashidōri NPP) is located in the village of Higashidōri in northeastern Aomori Prefecture, on the Shimokita Peninsula, facing the Pacific Ocean. 
The plant has not generated electricity since Japan's 2011 nationwide nuclear shutdown in the aftermath of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster.
The plant is unique in Japan in that it is two adjoining sites, one run by one company, the Tōhoku Electric Power Company and the other run by the Tokyo Electric Power Company. 
The reactors are all of Toshiba design.
Construction of Tohoku Electric's Higashidori Unit 1 began in November 2000 and was completed in December 2005. 
The design was based on Tohoku Electric's Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant Unit 3, with improvements to the reactor vessel to allow for greater ease in inspection and maintenance. 
A separate building, apart from the containment structure, is dedicated specifically for the heat exchanger system based on seawater to provide primary coolant for the reactor.
The Requiem in D minor, K. 626, is a Requiem Mass by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756–1791). Mozart composed part of the Requiem in Vienna in late 1791, but it was unfinished at his death on 5 December the same year. A completed version dated 1792 by Franz Xaver Süssmayr was delivered to Count Franz von Walsegg, who had commissioned the piece for a requiem service on 14 February 1792 to commemorate the first anniversary of the death of his wife Anna at the age of 20 on 14 February 1791.
The autograph manuscript shows the finished and orchestrated movement of Introit in Mozart's hand, and detailed drafts of the Kyrie and the sequence of Dies irae as far as the first eight bars of the Lacrimosa, and the Offertory. It cannot be shown to what extent Süssmayr may have depended on now lost "scraps of paper" for the remainder; he later claimed the Sanctus and Benedictus and the Agnus Dei as his own.
Walsegg probably intended to pass the Requiem off as his own composition, as he is known to have done with other works. This plan was frustrated by a public benefit performance for Mozart's widow Constanze. She was responsible for a number of stories surrounding the composition of the work, including the claims that Mozart received the commission from a mysterious messenger who did not reveal the commissioner's identity, and that Mozart came to believe that he was writing the Requiem for his own funeral.
In addition to the Süssmayr version, a number of alternative completions have been developed by composers and musicologists in the 20th and 21st centuries.
The 152 mm air defense gun KM-52 is a type of experimental anti-aircraft artillery developed by the Experimental Design Bureau (now independent as NPO Novator) of Plant No.8.
Originally developed as the 152 mm air defense gun KS-52 in 1949, the gun had a muzzle velocity of 1030 m/s, firing a 49 kg shell at 10 rounds per minute with a travel weight of 46 tons. After inspection by the Soviet Artillery Committee (the Artkom) and the Ministry of Armaments, work on the KS-52 was halted in 1949.
Resolution No. 2966-1727 of November 26, 1951 from the Council of Ministers approved development of a "152 mm air defense gun on the basis of the KS-30", which was entrusted to OKB-8 and the Design Bureau of Plant No.172. Its head designer was Tsyrulnikov. The new gun, carrying the designation KM-52, was not fully developed until 1954. The Technical Council of the Ministry of Defense Industry inspected the gun on January 28–29, 1955.
Production work of the KM-52 and its shells were distributed to different factories; the gun itself was mainly assigned to Plant No.172 (now Motovilikha Plants), who received different gun parts from other plants, including barrels from Plant No.232 (now Obukhov State Plant), which were in turn made from technical drawings by Plant No.8, GSP-152 traverse mechanisms from TsNII-173 (headed by Monastyrsky). Plant No.710 (now the defunct Podolsk Electro-Mechanical Plant). Shells were developed in NII-24, built by Plant No.73 with casings developed by NII-147. Firing mechanisms were developed from that of the SM-27 gun.
Plant No.221 (now Titan-Barrikady) also prepared two barrels and sent them to Plant No.172 in 1955. The KM-52 underwent factory testing in December 1955, and was delivered on December 28. The KM-52's gun carriage did not differ greatly from that of the KS-30. It achieved a rate of fire of 16-17 rounds per minute and 16 units were accepted into service in 1957.
Controlled experiments with the gun in 1957 produced some results, but a resolution adopted by the Council of Ministers in June 1958 halted development of rocket-assisted projectiles for the KM-52 alongside all work on the gun.
Software construction is a software engineering discipline. It is the detailed creation of working meaningful software through a combination of coding, verification, unit testing, integration testing, and debugging. It is linked to all the other software engineering disciplines, most strongly to software design and software testing.


Jean-Marc Ferreri (born 26 December 1962) is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He earned 37 caps and scored 3 goals for the France national team between 1982 and 1990. He took part in UEFA Euro 1984, where France won the title on home soil, and at the 1986 FIFA World Cup, where France finished third.
Miroslav Mosnár (born 10 August 1968) is a Slovak ice hockey player and coach. He currently serves as head coach of the Slovak women's national under-18 ice hockey team and the HOBA Bratislava U20 team in the 1. liga juniorov, the second-tier men's under-20 league in Slovakia. 
Mosnár represented Slovakia in the men's ice hockey tournament at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Pack is a surname. People with the surname include:

Carl Pack (1899–1945), New York politician
Charles Lathrop Pack (1857–1937), businessman, philanthropist, philatelist
David Pack (born 1952), American singer and musician
Sir Denis Pack (1772–1823), Anglo-Irish military officer
Frederick J. Pack (1875–1938), American geologist and writer
George Pack Jr. (1800–1875), Canadian-American businessman, timberman
George T. Pack (1898–1969), American oncologist
George Willis Pack (1831–1906), Michigan timberman, millionaire
Howard Pack (1918–2008), American shipping executive
John Pack (1809–1885), member of the Church of the Latter Day Saints' Council of Fifty
Michael Pack (born 1954), American documentary filmmaker
Pamela Pack (b. 1979), American professional rock climber
Randolph Greene Pack (1890–1956), American forester and philanthropist
Robert Pack (b. 1929), American poet, critic, and educator
Robert J. Pack (b. 1969), American basketball player and coach
Sandra L. Pack, American accountant, financial officer, and government official
W. Joe Pack (1875–1939), Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi
Woodrow Landfair, "Pack" (b. 1982), American storyteller, adventurer, author


The Remington RM380 is a semi-automatic, .380 ACP caliber pistol produced by Remington Arms. The RM380 is a redesign of the Rohrbaugh 380 pistol, itself a version of the 9×19mm Rohrbaugh R9. The two models differ most notably in the location of the magazine release and the incorporation of a slide stop on the Remington. While the Rohrbaugh used a heel-magazine release at the base of the grip, the RM380 release is located at the rear of the trigger guard. The Remington also has a restyled grip frame that incorporates a larger beavertail.
A parallax barrier is a device placed in front of an image source, such as a liquid crystal display, to allow it to show a stereoscopic or multiscopic image without the need for the viewer to wear 3D glasses. Placed in front of the normal LCD, it consists of an opaque layer with a series of precisely spaced slits, allowing each eye to see a different set of pixels, so creating a sense of depth through parallax in an effect similar to what lenticular printing produces for printed products and lenticular lenses for other displays. A disadvantage of the method in its simplest form is that the viewer must be positioned in a well-defined spot to experience the 3D effect. However, recent versions of this technology have addressed this issue by using face-tracking to adjust the relative positions of the pixels and barrier slits according to the location of the user's eyes, allowing the user to experience the 3D from a wide range of positions.  Another disadvantage is that the horizontal pixel count viewable by each eye is halved, reducing the overall horizontal resolution of the image.
URL shortening is a technique on the World Wide Web in which a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) may be made substantially shorter and still direct to the required page. This is achieved by using a redirect which links to the web page that has a long URL. For example, the URL "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/URL_shortening" can be shortened to "https://w.wiki/U". Often the redirect domain name is shorter than the original one. A friendly URL may be desired for messaging technologies that limit the number of characters in a message (for example SMS), for reducing the amount of typing required if the reader is copying a URL from a print source, for making it easier for a person to remember, or for the intention of a permalink. In November 2009, the shortened links of the URL shortening service Bitly were accessed 2.1 billion times.
Other uses of URL shortening are to "beautify" a link, track clicks, or disguise the underlying address. This is because the URL shortener can redirect to just about any web domain, even malicious ones. So, although disguising of the underlying address may be desired for legitimate business or personal reasons, it is open to abuse. Some URL shortening service providers have found themselves on spam blocklists, because of the use of their redirect services by sites trying to bypass those very same blocklists. Some websites prevent short, redirected URLs from being posted.
The 1957 Czechoslovak presidential election took place on 19 November 1957. It was held due to the death of the incumbent president Antonín Zápotocký. Antonín Novotný was elected the new president.
Jovan "Jovica" Stanišić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован "Јовица" Станишић; born 30 July 1950) is a Serbian former intelligence officer who served as the head of the State Security Directorate (RDB) within the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Serbia from 1992 until 1998. He was removed from the position in October 1998, months after the outbreak of Kosovo War.
Although very little was known about him during the 1990s, he is widely seen as the "mastermind and conductor of controlled chaos" during the large part of Yugoslav Wars. Despite being the closest person to the President of Serbia Slobodan Milošević, with enormous impact on wartime events, he kept permanent contacts with all the factors involved in the conflict. Allegedly, he was removed in 1998 from the key intelligence position due to disagreements with Mirjana Marković and the Minister of Internal Affairs Vlajko Stojiljković, as he opposed the excessive use of force in Kosovo.
Stanišić was prosecuted for war crimes in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina in the period from 1991 to 1995, before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) together with Franko Simatović. He was initially acquitted on 30 May 2013 by the ICTY for his role in the wars but the verdict was later overturned on 15 December 2015 after successful appeal by the prosecutors (ICTY Appeals Chamber). The retrial before the UN Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals (MICT) has commenced on 13 June 2017. The base of Stanišić and Simatović's operations was revealed to be in western Bosnia, where they commanded regional forces. On 30 June 2021, he was found guilty under counts of murder, deportation, forcible transfer and persecution as crimes against humanity that occurred during the Bosanski Šamac ethnic cleansing, and sentenced to 12 years in prison. On appeal, his sentence was increased to 15 years in 2023.
Jennifer Morilla Bejarano (born 23 January 1989), known as Jenni Morilla, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Primera División club Sporting de Huelva.
Modern Sport Football Club (Arabic: نادي مودرن سبورت لكرة القدم), formerly known as Modern Future FC, Future FC and Coca-Cola FC, is an Egyptian professional football club based in Cairo, Egypt. The club plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the highest league in the Egyptian football league system.


Amongst Women is a novel by the Irish writer John McGahern (1934–2006). McGahern's best known novel, it is also considered his greatest work.
Published by Faber and Faber, the novel tells the story of Michael Moran, a bitter, ageing Irish Republican Army (IRA) veteran, and his tyranny over his wife and children, who both love and fear him. It was shortlisted for the 1990 Booker Prize and won The Irish Times/Aer Lingus Literary Award in 1991.
Call Me by My Name is the sixth studio album by British soul singer Ruby Turner, released in October 1998. Turner co-wrote five songs and enlisted the help of rhythm and blues luminaries Bobby Tench, Zoot Money, Stan Webb and Bad Company bassist Boz Burrell.
Gloria Dubner (born May 5, 1950) is an Argentinian astrophysicist and Director of the Instituto de Astronomía y Física del Espacio in Buenos Aires and a Senior Researcher at the National Scientific and Technical Research Council. She is known for her research on supernovas.
Sinhala Braille is one of the many Bharati braille alphabets. While it largely conforms to the letter values of other Bharati alphabets, it diverges in the values of the letters assigned toward the end of those alphabets.
Leonard Dawea is the current archbishop of The Anglican Church of Melanesia, he was installed as Archbishop on 15 September 2019.
He was also from his consecration on 11 September 2016 the fifth Bishop of Temotu, one of the nine dioceses that make up the Anglican Church of Melanesia:
Walter Bricht (September 21, 1904 – March 20, 1970) was a noted Austrian-American pianist, composer and teacher.


Stuart Price (born 9 September 1977) is a three-time Grammy-winning British electronic musician, songwriter, and record producer known for his work with artists including Madonna, The Killers, New Order, Kylie Minogue, Example, Take That, Missy Elliott, Scissor Sisters, Pet Shop Boys, Brandon Flowers, Gwen Stefani, Seal, Keane, Frankmusik , Hard-Fi, Hurts, Everything Everything and Darin. His acts include British electronic pop/rock band Zoot Woman (with Adam Blake and Johnny Blake), Les Rythmes Digitales, Paper Faces, Man With Guitar, Thin White Duke (not to be confused with David Bowie's earlier persona of the same name), and the parodic French moniker Jacques Lu Cont (though he actually grew up in Reading, England). Price receives songwriting or production credit for the following songs:
Veppam Kulir Mazhai (transl. Heat, cold and rain) is 2024  Indian Tamil-language social thriller film written and directed by Pascal Vedamuthu. The film stars Dhirav, Ismath Banu and MS Bhaskar. The film was produced by Dhirav under the banner of Hashtag FDFS Productions.
The Pirot rebellion (Serbian: Пиротска буна/Pirotska buna) (Bulgarian: Пиротскo въстание) broke out in the town Pirot in Ottoman Bulgaria after the Orthodox Christian population in the area suffered oppression by the local Ottoman leader and Orthodox bishop. Refugees across the border in Serbia planned the rebellion and rose up together with villagers from the area during a scheduled meeting of the two sides agreed upon by the Serbian Prince Miloš Obrenović, the community protector, and the Vali of Rumelia. He had promised to help the rebels, but broke out his promise and remained loyal to the Ottoman Sultan. The Serbian prince suppressed the rebels and punished the fugitives.
Smrečje v Črni (pronounced [ˈsmɾeːtʃjɛ ʍ ˈtʃəɾni]) is small settlement under the Črnivec Pass in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The Hampton Aces are a defunct professional ice hockey team that played in the Northeastern Hockey League during the 1978–79 season and the Eastern Hockey League in 1979-80.


The Polish Highlanders Alliance of America (pl. Związek Podhalan w Ameryce Północnej) was founded in 1929 in Chicago as an organization that unites all other Góral organizations in the United States.  Most of Chicago's Góral community is concentrated on Chicago's Southwest Side along Archer Avenue where the headquarters, also known as the "Highlander Home" ("Dom Podhalan" in Polish) is located.
The Highlander House is styled as a Carpathian chalet in the traditional Zakopane Style of Architecture. Located at 4808 S. Archer Avenue in Chicago, the structure underwent renovation under the eye of famed artist Jerzy Kenar in 2005.  In 2012 the Highlander House was upgraded with state of the art audio and video equipment.
The Polish Highlanders Alliance of North America is a nonprofit organization run by an executive board. The members of the current (2011-2014) board are:

Andrzej Gedlek - president
Karolina Walkosz-Strzelec - vice president
Michal Ploskonka- vice president of economic affairs
Jozef Cikowski - vice president of cultural affairs
Malgorzata Stopka- vice president for the East Coast
Helena Studencka - general secretary
Mateusz Staszel - financial secretary
Monika Pawlikowska - treasurer
Tomasz Radecki - marshall
Jozef Fryzlewicz- Secretary of Records (minutes)
Waclaw Pilat, Jozef Krzystyniak - standard-bearer
Wojciech Dorula, Anna Zalinska - public relations
Fr. Jacek Palica, Fr. Waclaw Lech, Fr. Bartlomiej Stanowski, Fr. Slawomir Kurc, Fr. Franciszek Florczyk chaplain
Kapelmistrz: Marek Bukowski, Wladyslaw Pawlikowski
Chicago's Góral community publishes its own quarterly newspaper Podhalanin, in addition to transmitting radio programs such as "Gawędy", "Poezja i muzyka góralska", or "Na góralską nutę",  broadcasting from WPNA 1490 AM. The Polish language Chicago area daily Dziennik Związkowy (Polish Daily News) publishes a section titled Kronika podhalańska (The Highlander Chronicle).
Copacol is a Brazilian meat and food processor with its headquarters in Cafelândia, Paraná.
Rykov's Second Government was the cabinet of the Soviet Union established on February 2, 1924, with Alexei Rykov as the head of government, serving as the President of the Council of People's Commissars after Lenin's death on January 21, 1924.
It ended on May 21, 1925, when the Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union approved a new composition of the Sovnarkom.
Zielona [ʑɛˈlɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Ojrzeń, 18 km (11 mi) south of Ciechanów, and 63 km (39 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
The Glen Campbell Album is a compilation of early Capitol singles recorded between 1963 and 1966.
→

Montes Claros is a city located in northern Minas Gerais state, in Brazil. It is located north of the state capital, about 422 km away from Belo Horizonte. The population is 413,487 (2020 est.) in an area of 3,569 km2 (1,378 sq mi). It was made a seat of a municipality in 1831 and attained city status in 1857.


In musical notation, a cue note is or cue notes are indications informing players, "of important passages being played by other instruments, such as an entrance after a long period of rest." A cue may also function as a guideline for another instrument for musical improvisation or if there are many bars rest to help the performer find where to come in.
"Cue notes may be given as guidance only, to assist a performer's entrance after numerous measures of rest....[Their size, and all elements associated with them] is somewhat smaller than normal note size, but still large enough to be legible (65-75% of normal note size)."
The cued instrument is indicated with text and the cue notes are smaller than the rest. The stems of cue notes all go in the same direction and cue notes are transposed into the key of the part entering.
In orchestral and wind ensemble music, cues may appear in the part of an instrument expected to cover the part if the original instrument is absent or not represented. For example, in the absence of a tenor tuba, important passages or solos may be covered by a trombone or horn, and these passages may be written in their parts as cues in expectation of such a possibility.
Ghodganga Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana Ltd is an establishment set up around 70 km east to Pune. Factory is recently named after founder  Raosahebdada Pawar Ghodganga Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana Ltd (RPGSSKL). This project turned out to be the best achievement of Cooperative sugar factories and rural development. This set up is being conducive as sugar production is prime business for region. The project brings employment and social development.  Sugarcane grower/farmers in the region are really encouraged by the establishment. The project started with capital share of local farmers.
Alfred Laliberté  (19 May 1877 – 13 January 1953) was a French-Canadian sculptor and painter based in Montreal. His output includes more than 900 sculptures in bronze, marble, wood, and plaster. Many of his sculptures depict national figures and events in Canada and France such as Louis Hébert, François-Xavier-Antoine Labelle, Adam Dollard des Ormeaux, and the Lower Canada Rebellion. Although he produced hundreds of paintings as well, he is chiefly remembered for his work as a sculptor.
Jonathan Michael Hutton (born 1956) is a British-born Zimbabwean ecologist with broad interests in nature conservation and environmental policy whose views on the future of wildlife conservation in Africa have frequently been controversial.
Hutton was educated at Louth Grammar School and Jesus College, Cambridge, where he received an MA in Applied Biology in 1978. After graduation, he emigrated to Africa where, in 1984, his comprehensive study of the Nile crocodile and its ecology earned a DPhil degree from the University of Zimbabwe. For the next 10 years Hutton held various positions in the government of Zimbabwe including as Curator of Mammals at the National Museum and Senior Ecologist in the Department of National Parks and Wildlife Management. In 1994 he became a founder of the Africa Resources Trust (ART), an NGO that he directed from Harare, Zimbabwe, for the next decade. ART sought to strengthen the role of local communities in nature conservation by generating economic benefits from sustainable wildlife management – an approach to conservation that was not widely accepted at the time.
In 1998 Hutton was appointed Chair of the IUCN Sustainable Use Specialist Group which won a reputation for promoting innovative conservation strategies based on a cocktail of human rights and economic incentives. In 1999, following political difficulties in Zimbabwe, Hutton moved to the Department of Geography at the University of Cambridge where he contributed to a number of research topics including the management of global wildlife trade, the application of the Precautionary Principle in wildlife management and changing narratives in conservation. In 2003, he was asked by Fauna & Flora International (FFI) to expand its wildlife conservation activities in Africa, the success of which brought him to the attention of Klaus Toepfer, then Executive Director of United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) based in Nairobi. Kenya. As a result, Hutton joined UNEP as Director of its World Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP-WCMC) which in recent years has achieved significant acclaim for the authoritative nature and impact of its work on biodiversity analysis and assessment.
Since 2016, Hutton has been Director of the Luc Hoffmann Institute.
Hutton has received awards in recognition of his contribution to conservation. In 2005 he was elected a member of Hughes Hall at the University of Cambridge and in 2007 he was appointed Honorary Professor of Sustainable Resource Management at the University of Kent. He is married with 3 daughters.
Patriarch Seraphim of Constantinople may refer to:

Seraphim I of Constantinople, Ecumenical Patriarch in 1733–1734
Seraphim II of Constantinople, Ecumenical Patriarch in 1757–1761
Events in the year 1998 in Portugal.
Slaviša Ristić (Serbian Cyrillic: Славиша Ристић; born 17 November 1961) is a Serbian politician and a prominent figure in the Kosovo Serb community. He was for many years the president (i.e., mayor) of Zubin Potok, a predominantly Serb municipality in northern Kosovo, and has served two terms in the National Assembly of Serbia.
A member of the Democratic Party of Serbia (DSS) many years, Ristić left the party in late 2016 and has been the leader of the Otadžbina (English: "Fatherland") political movement since 2018. He is a vocal critic of Serbian president Aleksandar Vučić and the governing Serbian Progressive Party (SNS).
Epichilo vartianae is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was first described by Stanisław Błeszyński in 1965. It is found in Pakistan.


Marlbank is a small community located in Tweed, Ontario, Canada, a few kilometers west of Highway 41.
In 1904, a fire erupted at the site which currently holds the tavern, but the building was rebuilt in 1905, and was known as The Stinson House. The owners opened their doors and served beverages to patrons. In 1907, the building and ownership changed hands to Mr. William O'Keefe, who renamed the pub after himself, calling it the O'Keefe House.
The business held fast to this name through several years and owners until 1938, when Sam Schell dubbed the building "The Marlbank House".
After a fire destroyed most of the building again in 1994, the tavern's name changed once more, quite fittingly, to "the Marlbank Phoenix Tavern". From early 2009, the Tavern was closed for almost two years and left to fall into disrepair. Two local residents, Ray and Ivy Hutchinson, and their son David, took it upon themselves to rescue and save this historical landmark. After major renovations, the Marlbank Phoenix Tavern reopened for business in January 2011.
Marlbank is the home of the hardest underwater cement in the world that built the Panama Canal. Marlbank village has many homes built from blocks using the same locally produced cement.
Sandra Slack Glover (born 1970/1971) is an American lawyer from Washington D.C. who is a former nominee to serve as an associate justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court.
Stuart Laidlaw (March 2, 1877 – November 22, 1960) was a Canadian lacrosse player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics. He was born in Ontario and died in Vancouver. In 1904 he was member of the Shamrock Lacrosse Team which won the gold medal in the lacrosse tournament.
CKBC may refer to:

CKBC-FM, a Canadian radio station
Crazy Kouzu Basketball Club, an anime OVA
Brenna O'Brien (born March 9, 1991) is a Canadian actress and artist. She is best known for voicing Rin in the anime series Inuyasha. O'Brien was in the original pilot of The Middle in 2007 also starring Ricki Lake and Atticus Shaffer. This pilot was then re-created in 2009 with the current cast.


Ryan Pronk (born 1986) is a national checkers champion from Arizona. He holds the title of Arizona State and Western Regional champion. Ryan began playing checkers in the summer of 2000, at age 14, and played in his first tournament in 2002. In 2004 he became the Minnesota State Champion, Midwest Regional Champion, and Tennessee State Majors Champion. In 2005 Ryan won the United States Junior Championship, and repeated this victory in 2006 and 2007. In 2011, Ryan won the North Carolina 11-man ballot. Ryan lives in Virginia where he won the 2011 state championship. Ryan is ranked 20th draughts player in the world. He remains active in the checkers community.
George Cusack (died 18 January 1675) was an Irish pirate active in northern Europe and the West Indies in the late 17th century.
There are a range of European institutions in Strasbourg (France), the oldest of which dates back to 1815. In all, there are more than twenty different institutions based in the Alsatian city. 


I-16 was one of five Type C cruiser submarines of the C1 sub-class built for the Imperial Japanese Navy, Commissioned in 1940, she deployed a midget submarine for the attack on Pearl Harbor and for an attack on ships at Diego-Suarez in Madagascar, conducted an anti-shipping patrol in the Indian Ocean, and took part in the Guadalcanal campaign, New Guinea campaign, and Bougainville campaign before she was sunk in May 1944.
Dissolution (2003) is a historical mystery novel by British author C. J. Sansom.  It is Sansom's first published novel, and the first in the Matthew Shardlake Series.  It was dramatised by BBC Radio 4 in 2012.
A television series, Shardlake, starring Arthur Hughes in the title role, was released on Disney+ in 2024. Its first season is based on the events of this book.


Alfred Rieche  (28 April 1902 – 6 November 2001) was a German chemist.
Meggitt may refer to :

Meggitt, a British engineering business specialising in aerospace equipment
People
Mervyn Meggitt (1924–2004), an Australian anthropologist and one of the pioneering researchers of highland Papua
William Meggitt (1894–1927), a British World War I flying ace
Chung (Cung) is an Eastern Beboid language of Cameroon.
Ride It is the title of several works. It may refer to:

"Ride It" (Geri Halliwell song)
"Ride It" (Jay Sean song)
Assistant Secretary of Defense is a title used for many high-level executive positions in the Office of the Secretary of Defense within the U.S. Department of Defense. The Assistant Secretary of Defense title is junior to Under Secretary of Defense. Reorganization Plan No. 6 of 30 June 1953 increased the number of assistant secretaries. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 added three new Assistant Secretary positions under the Under Secretary for Research and Engineering. The list of Assistant Secretaries of Defense includes:

Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Critical Technologies
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Cyber Policy
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Global Strategic Affairs
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, originally established in 1949 as the Chairman, Armed Forces Medical Policy Council. The position has been abolished and restored several times.
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Hemispheric Affairs, established in 2003
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Indo-Pacific Security Affairs
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Industrial Base Policy
Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, mandated by the Department of Defense Authorization Act of 1984 (P.L. 98-94, passed 24 September 1983).
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Mission Capabilities.
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Readiness
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering / Chief Technology Officer
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Science and Technology
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict & Interdependent Capabilities
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans and Capabilities
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment
The deputy to an Assistant Secretary of Defense has the title Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense.
Former Assistant Secretary of Defense positions include:

Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, originally established as the Assistant to the Secretary (Director, Office of Public Information) by Secretary James V. Forrestal in July 1948.
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Networks & Information Integration
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Internal Communications
Tamil Nadu Open University (TNOU) is an Indian institution for open and distance learning established by the government of Tamil Nadu, India. It was founded in 2002 and is based in Chennai.
The university was established by the Legislative Assembly of the government of Tamil Nadu in Act 27 of 2002 to provide access to higher education for those who had been previously unable to pursue it. It opened in 2003, was recognized by the University Grants Commission in September 2015, and is one of five universities approved to offer distance learning outside its state of establishment. As of January 2016 it was one of 14 state open universities in India, which also has one national open university, Indira Gandhi National Open University; as of April 2017 it was one of 111 distance learning institutions in the country. As of December 2017 it offers 113 programmes of study at levels from certificate to post graduate and has 13 academic schools, five support divisions, a media centre and more than 600 learner support centres across Tamil Nadu.
Students are admitted under two admission cycles, calendar year (January to December) and academic year (July to June). They include those living in remote and rural areas, working people, handicapped students, housewives and retirees such as a 67-year-old woman who later completed an MA in history with Madras University, and prisoners.
Cedarpelta is an extinct genus of basal ankylosaurid dinosaur from Utah that lived during the Late Cretaceous period (Cenomanian to lower Turonian stage, 98.2 to 93 Ma) in what is now the Mussentuchit Member of the Cedar Mountain Formation. The type and only species, Cedarpelta bilbeyhallorum, is known from multiple specimens including partial skulls and postcranial material. It was named in 2001 by Kenneth Carpenter, James Kirkland, Don Burge, and John Bird. Cedarpelta has an estimated length of 7 metres (23 feet) and weight of 5 tonnes (11,023 lbs). The skull of Cedarpelta lacks extensive cranial ornamentation and is one of the only known ankylosaurs with individual skull bones that are not completely fused together.
Philip Phillips (11 August 1900 – 11 December 1994) was an influential archaeologist in the United States during the 20th century.   Although his first graduate work was in architecture, he later received a doctorate from Harvard University under advisor Alfred Marston Tozzer.  His first archaeological experiences were on Iroquois sites, but he specialized in the Mississippian culture, especially its Lower Mississippi Valley incarnation.
African literature  is literature from Africa, either oral ("orature") or written in African and Afro-Asiatic languages. Examples of pre-colonial African literature can be traced back to at least the fourth century AD. The best-known is the Kebra Negast, or "Book of Kings" from the 14th century AD. Another well-known book is the Garima Gospels, one of the oldest known surviving bibles in the world, written in Ge'ez around 500 AD.
A common theme during the colonial period is the slave narrative, often written in English or French for western audiences. Among the first pieces of African literature to receive significant worldwide critical acclaim was Things Fall Apart, by Chinua Achebe, published in 1958. African literature in the late colonial period increasingly feature themes of liberation and independence.
Post-colonial literature has become increasingly diverse, with some writers returning to their native languages. Common themes include the clash between past and present, tradition and modernity, self and community, as well as politics and development. On the whole, female writers are today far better represented in African literature than they were prior to independence. The internet has also changed the landscape of African literature, leading to the rise of digital reading and publishing platforms such as OkadaBooks.


Swanke Hayden Connell Architects was an international architecture, interiors and historic preservation firm with U.S. headquarters in New York City.
Gwladys Yvonne McKeon (23 August 1897 — 15 August 1979) was a Welsh-born Australian marine biologist. Though her paid employment in science was brief, she made contributions as a trained independent researcher through her life, culminating with her popular handbook, Life on the Australian Seashore (1966).
Ralph Abercromby, 2nd Baron Dunfermline  (6 April 1803 – 2 July 1868) was a Scottish nobleman and diplomat, styled The Honourable from 1839 to 1858.
"Indifference" is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead, which aired on AMC on November 3, 2013. The episode was written by Matthew Negrete and directed by Tricia Brock.
The episode does not focus on the central location of the prison, and instead, it takes place outside on two supply runs with two separate groups. No scenes are set at the prison, with the exception being the short pre-title introduction. Only six main characters are seen in the entire episode: Rick, Carol, Daryl, Michonne, Bob, and Tyreese. The episode primarily focuses on the relationship between Rick Grimes and Carol Peletier, after the revelation that she has killed two inmates out of mercy, causing Rick to make a difficult decision. Carol and Rick are out on a supply run, while Daryl and the others are trying to collect medical supplies and find a way back to the prison.
The title of the episode refers to how Carol's indifference towards survivors dying and the general situation they are all in, as seen when Ana is being eaten and later commented on how "It was a nice watch" when Sam failed to show up to accompany them to the prison, thus losing Rick's watch that he had on. The episode is seen as a transitional stage for the development of Carol, having become cold and making difficult decisions to survive, ultimately causing Rick to feel unsafe and thus, he exiles her. It also distinguishes the differences between Rick and Carol: Rick stepping down from leadership to take on farming and living a peaceful life, while Carol steps up to make the decisions others are afraid of making.
Endotricha thomealis is a species of snout moth in the genus Endotricha. It was described by Pierre Viette in 1957, and is known from São Tomé & Principe.
The "Winter Soldier Investigation" was a media event sponsored by the Vietnam Veterans Against the War (VVAW) from January 31, 1971, to February 2, 1971.  It was intended to publicize war crimes and atrocities by the United States Armed Forces and their allies in the Vietnam War.  The VVAW challenged the morality and conduct of the war by showing the direct relationship between military policies and war crimes in Vietnam. The three-day gathering of 109 veterans and 16 civilians took place in Detroit, Michigan. Discharged servicemen from each branch of the armed forces, as well as civilian contractors, medical personnel and academics, all gave testimony about war crimes they had committed or witnessed during the years 1963–1970.
With the exception of Pacifica Radio, the event was not covered extensively outside Detroit. However, several journalists and a film crew recorded the event, and a documentary film titled Winter Soldier was released in 1972. A complete transcript was later entered into the Congressional Record by Senator Mark Hatfield, and discussed in the Fulbright Hearings in April and May 1971, convened by Senator J. William Fulbright, chair of the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
Changes All the Time is the upcoming fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter James Bay. It will be released on 4 October 2024, by Mercury Records. It was preceded by the release of two singles: "Up All Night" and "Easy Distracton" on 19 July 2024 and 30 August 2024, respectively. The album was co-produced by Bay and Gabe Simon.
The album was originally scheduled to be released on 20 September 2024, but was pushed back by two weeks for unknown reasons.
The Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities (KSA) framework, is a series of narrative statements that, along with résumés, determines who the best applicants are when several candidates qualify for a job. The knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) necessary for the successful performance of a position are contained on each job vacancy announcement. They are:

Knowledge – the subjects, topics, and items of information that an employee should know at the time he or she is hired or moved into the job.
Skills – technical or manual proficiencies which are usually learned or acquired through training.
Abilities – the present demonstrable capacity to apply several knowledge and skills simultaneously in order to complete a task or perform an observable behaviour.
A similar model, the KASE (Knowledge, Attributes, Skills and Experience) framework is used by the careers advisory service at King's College London.
Jonathan, also known as Duplicate, is a 2018 American drama  science fiction film directed by Bill Oliver and written by Gregory Davis, Peter Nickowitz and Oliver,  starring Ansel Elgort.
It had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 21, 2018. It was released on November 16, 2018, by Well Go USA.
Soldier Township is a township in Jackson County, Kansas, USA.  As of the 2000 census, its population was 403.
Revolution OS is a 2001 documentary film that traces the twenty-year history of GNU, Linux, open source, and the free software movement.
Directed by J. T. S. Moore, the film features interviews with prominent hackers and entrepreneurs including Richard Stallman, Michael Tiemann, Linus Torvalds, Larry Augustin, Eric S. Raymond, Bruce Perens, Frank Hecker and Brian Behlendorf.
Stary Dwór [ˈstarɨ ˈdvur] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and 52 km (32 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
Stone Wave occupies the central courtyard of  Tacoma, Washington's Tacoma Art Museum and is a major public work by sculptor Richard Rhodes of Seattle, Washington. Completed in May, 2003, the wave is constructed using 650 unique pieces of antique Chinese granite laid on a substrate of closed-cell foam and mortar. At once echoing the surging of waves and the volcanic core of Mount Rainier, the sculpture presents a zone of visual serenity among the museum's galleries.
Andreas Hartenfels (born 20 August 1966) is a German politician. He is a member of Bündnis Sahra Wagenknecht and previously the Alliance 90/The Greens. He has been a member of the Landtag of Rhineland-Palatinate since 2011.
Rivista Storica Italiana is an Italian academic journal in the field of history. It was established in 1884. It covers the study of all major fields of history, from ancient to modern, in a regional as well as a global perspective, and is published in Italian three times a year (in Spring, Summer and Winter) by Edizioni Scientifiche Italiane.
The journal has been called "the grand old man of Italian history journals" and has been noted for its wide range in topics and chronology and for its long articles, often 50 pages or more.
In computer graphics, pixelation (also spelled pixellation in British English) is caused by displaying a bitmap or a section of a bitmap at such a large size that individual pixels, small single-colored square display elements that comprise the bitmap, are visible. Such an image is said to be pixelated (pixellated in the UK).

Early graphical applications such as video games ran at very low resolutions with a small number of colors, resulting in easily visible pixels. The resulting sharp edges gave curved objects and diagonal lines an unnatural appearance. However, when the number of available colors increased to 256, it was possible to gainfully employ anti-aliasing to smooth the appearance of low-resolution objects, not eliminating pixelation but making it less jarring to the eye. Higher resolutions would soon make this type of pixelation all but invisible on the screen, but pixelation is still visible if a low-resolution image is printed on paper. 
In the realm of real-time 3D computer graphics, pixelation can be a problem. Here, bitmaps are applied to polygons as textures. As a camera approaches a textured polygon, simplistic nearest neighbor texture filtering would simply zoom in on the bitmap, creating drastic pixelation. The most common solution is a technique called pixel interpolation that smoothly blends or interpolates the color of one pixel into the color of the next adjacent pixel at high levels of zoom. This creates a more organic, but also much blurrier image.
Pixelation is a problem unique to bitmaps. Alternatives such as vector graphics or purely geometric polygon models can scale to any level of detail. This is one reason vector graphics are popular for printing –  most modern computer monitors have a resolution of about 100 dots per inch, and at 300 dots per inch printed documents have about nine times as many pixels per unit of area as a screen. Another solution sometimes used is procedural textures, textures such as fractals that can be generated on-the-fly at arbitrary levels of detail.
In Greek mythology, Palamaon (Ancient Greek: Παλαμάων) was the Athenian father of Daedalus, the famous architect of Labyrinth. The latter was attributed to various parentage: (1) Eupalamus and Alcippe, (2) Metion and Iphinoe, (3) Phrasmede or (4) Merope, daughter of King Erechtheus.
The 2011 Boundary Ford Curling Classic was held from November 25 to 28 at the Lloydminster Curling Club in Lloydminster, Alberta as part of the 2011–12 World Curling Tour. The purse for the event was CAD$32,000, and the event was held in a triple knockout format.
The 2019–20 SMU Mustangs men's basketball team represented Southern Methodist University during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Mustangs were led by fourth-year head coach Tim Jankovich and played their home games at Moody Coliseum on their campus in University Park, Texas as members of the American Athletic Conference.
Beverly Hills is an upscale neighbourhood in Kingston, Jamaica.
The association can be contacted at: "Beverly Hills - Community Association". Archived from the original on 22 February 2020.
Herbert Alfred Simmons (March 29, 1930 – August 18, 2008) was an American writer.
The Falmouth House is a historic former tavern house at 349 Gray Road in Falmouth, Maine.  Built about 1820, it is a well-preserved Federal period tavern building, now converted to private residential use.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Catherine A. "Kate" Calder is an American statistician who works as chair of Statistics and Data Sciences at the University of Texas at Austin. She was previously a professor of statistics at Ohio State University. Calder earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics from Northwestern University in 1999, and completed her Ph.D. in statistics from Duke University in 2003 under the joint supervision of David Higdon and Michael L. Lavine. She joined the Ohio State faculty in 2003, and was promoted to full professor in 2015.
In 2013 she won the Young Investigator Award of the American Statistical Association (ASA), and in 2014 she was elected as a Fellow of the ASA "for outstanding contributions to the development of Bayesian statistical methodology for spatial and spatiotemporal data; for significant multidisciplinary collaborations; for excellence in teaching and mentoring graduate students both in statistics and in other disciplines; and for service to the profession." She was elected to the 2022 class of Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).
Lammie is an Irish/Scottish name. According to scholars the "oldest and most pervasive types of surname is that derived from a given name".
Andrew Vance (1815–1862) was an Irish barrister and Law Officer, whose promising career was cut short by his early death.
He was born in Dublin, third son of Andrew Vance of Rutland Square and Mary Falls, daughter of James Falls of Aughnacloy, County Tyrone. The Vance family is thought to have emigrated from Scotland to Ulster. Of his seven siblings, the best known is John Vance (1808–1875), MP for Dublin City, who coined the phrase "Home Rule will be Rome Rule" (i.e. Irish Home Rule equals the rule of the Catholic Church).
Andrew was called to the Bar, built up a flourishing practice, and in 1859 served as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, a deputy to the Attorney General of Ireland and the Solicitor General for Ireland. In middle age he suffered from serious ill health, and he died after a long illness at Nice in November 1862. The newspapers paid tribute to a brilliant lawyer who had died in the prime of life. He was survived by his daughters, Frances and Mary.
He had some reputation as a legal writer, publishing articles in legal periodicals. Shortly before his death, he published "The Green Book", a casebook and commentary on the leading Irish statutes.
People Time: The Complete Recordings is a set of seven CDs of music by saxophonist Stan Getz and pianist Kenny Barron which was recorded in March 1991 at Jazzhus Montmartre in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was released in 2009 (2010 in US).
When this album was recorded, Getz was suffering greatly from the liver cancer that would end his life three months after its completion. There were times that he had to take a break to allow the pain to subside, and he was urged to call a halt. However, he insisted on completing both the engagement at Jazzhus Montmartre and the recording. On the fourth and final night, though, they only played one set. It was announced by the stage manager that Getz was feeling too weak to continue after the break.
Turebyholm is a manor house in Faxe Municipality, some fifty kilometres southwest of Copenhagen, Denmark. It was acquired by Adam Gottlob Moltke in 1746 and has remained in the hands of the Moltke family to the present day. It was part of the Countship of Bregentved from 1756 to 1920 and still shares its ownership with the Bregentved estate. The current Rococo-style main building was constructed by royal architect Niels Eigtved in 1750. It was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1918.
Flambards is a novel for children or young adults by K. M. Peyton, first published by Oxford University Press in 1967 with illustrations by Victor Ambrus. Alternatively, "Flambards" is the trilogy (1967–1969) or series (1967–1981) named after its first book. The series is set in England just before, during, and after World War I.
The novel Flambards (book one) features a teenage orphan and heiress Christina Parsons, who comes to live at Flambards, the impoverished Essex estate owned by her crippled and tyrannical uncle, William Russell, and his two sons, Mark and Will.
Mohammad Sajid is a Pakistani former cricketer. He played in one List A match in 2001/02. He is now an umpire, and stood in the match between Rawalpindi and Habib Bank Limited in the 2017–18 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy on 3 October 2017.


Brough is a civil parish in the Eden District, Cumbria, England. It contains 39 buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.  The parish contains the village of Brough, at the junction of the A66 and the A685 roads, and the surrounding countryside.  Most of the listed buildings are shops and houses with associated structures in the village.  The other listed buildings include a church, a memorial in the churchyard, three cross bases, a hotel, a farmhouse, three boundary stones, three mileposts, a clock tower, and a bridge.
The Brigada de Fusileros Paracaidistas (Parachute Riflemen Brigade) , also known as Chutes, is the Mexican Army premier airborne light infantry unit similar to the 75th Ranger Regiment and the British SFSG, the unit act as support for combat operations SEDENA's EMCDN SMUs such as FEBFP or FER.
The brigade is currently headquartered at Santa Lucia Mexican Air Force Base N-1, State of Mexico and is composed of a headquarters company, one special missions unit (operationally under EMCDN command), a logistics company, a airborne training center, and three parachute riflemen battalions.
The Christian Liberty Party (CLP) is a minor third political party in the United States whose platform advocates social conservatism. Its platform positions include the opposition to abortion, as well as opposition to property taxes; it advocates "an educational system that respects individual freedom of conscience and reinforces the Biblical role and responsibility of the family as the educator of youth". Ideologically, the Christian Liberty Party is aligned with the Christian right and Christian nationalism, viewing the United States as a Christian state and seeing "the Bible as a blueprint for political action".
Božidar Zečević (born January 2, 1948 in Belgrade) is а Serbian filmologist, film historian, dramatist, screenwriter, director, university professor of film analysis, founder and editor-in-chief of the film journal Filmograf.
João Paulo Nunes Simões, better known as JP Simões, is a Portuguese singer and musician. He was born in Coimbra, Portugal, on 4 January 1970. Due to the Carnation Revolution of 1974 and subsequent turmoil, at age five he emigrated to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where he stayed about a year. Back to Portugal, Simões studied journalism, screenwriting, saxophone and Arabic language.
As to music, he has worked with Pop Dell'Arte, among others, and was the leading force behind the bands Belle Chase Hotel and Quinteto Tati. He wrote short stories, song lyrics, film scripts and participated as a musician and actor in films by Fernando Vendrell and Edgar Pêra, and signing some soundtracks for documentaries. In 2007, he premiered his solo album 1970. In 2009, he published his second album Boato.
In the past he has had tours solo as a one-man show, playing his solo repertoire among songs from his past bands, mostly Belle Chase Hotel, however currently he is known by the name Bloom and has tours solo, not only in Portugal but also throughout Europe.


John McDiarmid may refer to:

John B. McDiarmid (1913–2002), Canadian academic and University of Washington professor of classics
John Stewart McDiarmid (1882–1965), Manitoba politician
John McDiarmid (tennis) (1911–1982), American tennis player
John Edmund Califano (December 5, 1862 in Rome – June 15, 1946 in Van Nuys), was a student of Domenico Morelli. Califano became a landscape artist, especially noted for his scenes of California and Italy. In 1881, he came to the United States and lived in Chicago until 1908. By 1915, he was in San Francisco and spent the last years of his life in Van Nuys.
Califano exhibited in Naples, Italy in 1880, receiving a gold medal, as well as showing at the Art Institute of Chicago, in 1907; and the National Academy of Design, New York City, 1897–99.
Capitella capitata is a polychaete worm that grows up to 10 cm in length. It is often blood-red in colour. The species is sedentary and fragile, with a flexible body.
Capitella capitata occurs on muddy sand, gritty sand, fine sand or rich mud on the lower shore to sub-littoral. It may be found under pebbles or small stones, with the burrows at or near the surface of the sediment.
It is an opportunistic species tolerant of stressful conditions, and often found in polluted waters (sewer discharges, hydrocarbons, metals ...) where it out-competes less tolerant species. A large abundance of C. capitata can be seen as an indication of polluted waters.
Capitella capitata is able to vary its reproductive strategy in accordance with its current environmental conditions. If local conditions are favorable, it can produce benthic larvae facilitating quick exploitation of local concentrations of organic matter. In contrast, C. capitata can produce planktonic larvae if there is a need to discover new habitats.
The 1984 Thayer Tutt Trophy was the second edition of the Thayer Tutt Trophy. It was held from March 20–29, 1984 in Briançon, Gap, Grenoble, and Villard-de-Lans, France. East Germany finished first, Switzerland finished second, and Romania finished third.


A Rogue's Saga (Russian: Прохиндиада, или Бег на месте, romanized: Prokhindiada, ili Beg na meste) is a 1984 Soviet comedy film directed by Viktor Tregubovich.
Jay Hunter Morris (born July 3, 1963) is an American operatic tenor. He is best known internationally for the role of Siegfried in the Metropolitan Opera's 2011–12 series of Wagner's Ring Cycle, performances of which were cinecast and radio broadcast live worldwide, aired on U.S. television, and released on DVD.
The Perdana University – Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland School of Medicine (commonly known as PU-RCSI or Perdana-RCSI) is one of the six schools of the Perdana University located in Damansara Heights, Kuala Lumpur. It was established in 2011.
The first batch of students was enrolled in 2011 and graduated in 2016. The current dean is Professor Raghu Varadarajan, Consultant Surgeon.
The Janoir was a French motorcycle manufactured from 1919 until 1922 in Saint-Ouen.  The few that were made were 965 cc flat twins.
Born in Lugny (Saone-et-Loire) in 1883, Louis Janoir gets his plane pilot's licence in 1911. This engineer joins another student from the same school, Louis Bechereau - designer of Deperdussin airplanes - and took part in numerous air raids and competitions. In 1916, he started the company Janoir Aviation based in Saint-Ouen. During the First World War, the Janoir factory devoted itself to repair then later to building SPAD fighter planes, but like many aircraft companies the end of the war meant an immediate rethink about redeploying their engineering skills. Cars, cyclecars and motorcycles were ideal areas, and Janoir Aviation joined others such as Sopwith Aviation Company, Martinsyde, and Louis Blériot in attempting to break into this growing market.
Dharma in religious or philosophical sense can refer to:

Dharma (Hinduism)
Dharma (Buddhism)
Dharma (Jainism)
Sikh Dharma

Dharma may also refer to:
The Lincoln League was the name taken by a number of Republican Party-affiliated clubs in the United States, named for President Abraham Lincoln. Among the most famous of the leagues was one organized in 1916 by Robert Church Jr. in Memphis, Tennessee.
Zouzou (born Danièle Ciarlet on November 29, 1943) is a French actress, model, singer and icon of the 1960s and early 1970s. She is known largely for her lead role in Éric Rohmer's Love in the Afternoon. 
The screen name "Zouzou" reportedly stems from her zézaiement (lisp) of the consonants 's','j' and 'z'.
Children of the Jacaranda Tree is the internationally acclaimed debut novel of Iranian writer Sahar Delijani. Partially inspired by the writer's family history, it is a story about one of the worst best kept secrets of post-revolutionary Iran: the 1988 executions of Iranian political prisoners. The novel depicts not only the lives of the victims but also those of their families and above all their children. The novel is a poignant attempt at describing the genesis of a dictatorship, how it begins, how it affects a people, and what it means to resist it.
Children of the Jacaranda Tree is Delijani's first published and fourth written novel. In her words, "the other novels were more like homework. I had to learn how to write through writing." Completed in 2012, Children of the Jacaranda Tree took three years to complete. The potential of the story was recognized immediately when a few days after its submission to the publishing world, simultaneous auctions were taking place in the US, UK, Italy, France, Brazil, Germany and Spain. The advances and rights to the book were sold in 27 territories.
Praised by Khaled Hosseini and named one of the top books of 2013 by The Kansas City Star, the novel has been published in 75 countries and translated into 30 languages.
The siege of Zadar in 998 was part of the third Croatian–Bulgarian war and one of the last military conflicts between Croatian forces of King Svetoslav Suronja (r. 997–1000), supported by Venice and the Byzantine Empire, and the army of Emperor Samuil (r. 997–1014), who launched a large-scale Bulgarian military campaign against the Kingdom of Croatia.
Samuil's army besieged the fortified city of Zadar in order to aid the king's rebel brothers Krešimir and Gojslav, who asked Samuil to come and help them to remove Svetoslav Suronja from the Croatian throne. The siege was unsuccessful and Samuil's forces withdrew in the direction of the Croatian hinterland and Bosnia, finally tracing their way back home.
This is a partial list of alumni of the Clarion Workshop, an annual writers' workshop for science fiction, fantasy, and speculative literature writers.
Prevelly is a townsite in the South West region of Western Australia. It is located on the coast at the mouth of Margaret River at the northern end of Calgardup Bay. At the 2021 census, Prevelly had a population of 205.
It was privately subdivided by Geoff Edwards in the early 1960s and named Prevelly; the shire petitioned for a townsite to be declared in 1977 and it was duly gazetted in 1978.
The town was named after the Preveli monastery on Crete.  Edwards was among the Australian soldiers given shelter at the St. John Monastery in 1941 prior to evacuation aboard HMS Thrasher.  To thank the people of Crete and the Monastery, he began construction of a St. John the Theologian chapel in Prevelly.  A fund for this purpose was established in 1984 and drew support from both Australian and British former service men.
The Cape to Cape Track passes through Prevelly.
Prevelly beaches and the adjacent coastline are locations of some significant surf breaks.
Kottappuram is a part of the village Perayam in the Kollam District, situated in Indian State of Kerala. It has a population of nearly 3000. It spreads across the 7 and 8th ward of the Perayam panchayath. To the north it is bordered by Chittumala Chira ("chira" means "small lake" in Malayalam), to the west by Onambalam Cut (an abandoned  irregational project for a deep short canal to divert flood water from Chittumala Chira to Ashthamudi Lake), to the east by Chokkamkuzhi and to the south by Kollam - Theni National Highway.
The name indicates that the place is after the fort (kotta - fort, appuram - otherside), which was standing until the late 1960s, but was demolished for building Onambalam Cut. The mud fort was used by the local Mathilakam dynasty in the British era. Kottappuram is believed to have been settled by the first half of the 18th century.
Kottappuram is a stronghold of the Communist Party of India (CPI), and is currently represented by John J L (7th ward) of the [INC]  and S Syam Communist party of India (CPM) (8th ward). The local Catholic church has some influence in politics.
The community is almost entirely Latin Catholic and attends the Christ the King Church of Kollam diocese. Vicar of the church is Rev. Fr Jose Lazer.
Men work in government jobs, as migrant workers in Gulf countries and as construction workers. The bulk of the employment for women comes from nearby cashew factories and through a national rural employment guarantee scheme. Economic participation by women is high, and women tend to be more educated than men.
Kundara Pallimukku - Chittumala road passes through Kottappuram and Kollam - Theni National high pass through South boundary. It is about 6 kilometres from Kundara Pallimukku and about 18 kilometres from Kollam city  via National Highway.
EPF may refer to:

.epf, a file extension for CadSoft Eagle project files
Early pregnancy factor
Eclipse process framework, an open source project
Electricity price forecasting
Employees Provident Fund (disambiguation)
Endangered Planet Foundation, an American conservation organization
Ensuring Positive Futures, a British employment program
Episcopal Peace Fellowship, an American peace organization
EPF School of Engineering
Eritrean Police Force
Established Programs Financing, a former transfer program to the provinces managed by the Government of Canada.
European Parliamentary Forum for Sexual and Reproductive Rights
European Polymer Federation
Employees Provident Fund (Malaysia), the federal statutory body for Malaysia
A US Navy hull classification symbol: Expeditionary fast transport (EPF)
Club Penguin: Elite Penguin Force, a game released for the Nintendo DS
European Peace Facility, a financing instrument of the Common Foreign and Security Policy
Southwest Harbor is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States. Located on Mount Desert Island, the population was 1,756 at the 2020 census. The municipality contains within it the villages of Southwest Harbor, Manset, Seawall, Wonderland, and Pemetic Hills.
Tom Rinaldi is an American reporter for Fox Sports. He previously contributed to ESPN's tennis coverage at Wimbledon and the US Open, ESPN's golf coverage, SportsCenter, Outside the Lines, College GameDay and Sunday NFL Countdown. He also did features for the horse racing telecasts.
Aiginetes was a town of ancient Paphlagonia, inhabited during Roman and Byzantine eras.
Its site is located near Hacıveli in Asiatic Turkey.
Proholaspina is a genus of mites in the family Macrochelidae.
The Aufgeklärtes Glück Mine (German: Bergwerk Aufgeklärtes Glück) is an old mine, now closed, in the valley of Thumkuhlental in the Harz Mountains of Germany. It lies southwest of Hasserode, a village on the edge of the town of Wernigerode in the state of Saxony-Anhalt. Nowadays, its exterior facilities form part of a nature and geological educational path that, thanks to the reconstruction of an old mine water management system (Wasserkunst), make a very graphic witness of the former mining activity at the foot of the Harz' highest mountain, the Brocken.
Giovanna Foà (May 27, 1910, Milan – December 1997, Milan) was an Italian scholar and translator, and a Professor of English at the Bocconi University, Milan. She was a winner of the British Academy's Rose Mary Crawshay Prize (1934) for her work Lord Byron, Poeta e Carbonaro.
Epiphyas iodes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from South Australia.
Mass movement may refer to:

Mass movement (geology), the movement of rock and soil down slopes due to gravity
Mass movement (politics), a large-scale social movement
Mass movement (biology), a type of movement in the digestive system
A weather map, also known as synoptic weather chart, displays various meteorological features across a particular area at a particular point in time and has various symbols which all have specific meanings. Such maps have been in use since the mid-19th century and are used for research and weather forecasting purposes. Maps using isotherms show temperature gradients, which can help locate weather fronts. Isotach maps, analyzing lines of equal wind speed, on a constant pressure surface of 300 or 250 hPa show where the jet stream is located. Use of constant pressure charts at the 700 and 500 hPa level can indicate tropical cyclone motion. Two-dimensional streamlines based on wind speeds at various levels show areas of convergence and divergence in the wind field, which are helpful in determining the location of features within the wind pattern. A popular type of surface weather map is the surface weather analysis, which plots isobars to depict areas of high pressure and low pressure. Cloud codes are translated into symbols and plotted on these maps along with other meteorological data that are included in synoptic reports sent by professionally trained observers.


The Lindenwood Lady Lions represent Lindenwood University. The 2012–13 Lindenwood Lady Lions ice hockey season was the team's tenth season and their second season as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). The team is coached by Vince O'Mara and they play their home games at Lindenwood Ice Arena. The 2012-13 season is Lindenwood's first as a member of College Hockey America, after the team competed as an NCAA Division I independent program in 2011–12 season.
Monte Ceneri is a mountain pass in Switzerland.
It may also refer to:

Monte Ceneri Rail Tunnel, below Monte Ceneri
Monte Ceneri Road Tunnel, below Monte Ceneri
Ceneri Base Tunnel, below Monte Ceneri
Monte Ceneri transmitter, on Monte Ceneri
Monteceneri, a municipality encompassing Monte Ceneri
Rochester FC MN is a soccer club based in Rochester, Minnesota. Its men's team competes in the USL League 2 Deep North Division,and its women's team competes in the USL W League Heartland Division. Rochester FC's colors are Royal Blue. Rochester FC has an Elite Development youth academy for boys and girls; the academy competes in the USL.
Simon Pullman (15 February 1890 – August 1942) was a Polish violinist, conductor, music teacher and founder and director of the Pullman Ensemble and Orchestra, and a seminal figure in the evolution of chamber music performance.
Born in Warsaw, he was a nephew of the famous Yiddish actress Ester Rachel Kamińska and a cousin of Ida Kamińska and Josef Kamińsky. He studied with Leopold Auer at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory (1905–1909) where he received his diploma. In 1913, he continued his studies with Martin Pierre Marsick at the Conservatoire de Paris. Back in Warsaw, he founded and led a chamber orchestra specialised on music of the Vienna Classic (1915 to 1920). In the 1920s and 1930s, he taught violin, viola, and chamber music at the Neues Wiener Konservatorium (New Vienna Conservatory), where he coached several groups including the Galimir String Quartet (led by Felix Galimir). In 1930, he founded the Pullman Ensemble, consisting of 17 string players (4 string quartets with a double-bass), whose speciality was the performance of Beethoven's Große Fuge, Op. 133, and String Quartet in C♯ minor, Op. 131. Later, 10 wind players were added to form the Pullman Orchestra, which performed regularly in Vienna and throughout Europe until 1938, when Pullman was able to escape to Paris.
According to his students and colleagues, Pullman was a visionary musician; his desire for a kind of revelatory ensemble playing led him to make use of the widest possible range of string tone, to demand a perfect legato, and to search out highly unorthodox fingerings to match his conceptions of phrasing. Rehearsals were intense and long; however, they functioned as rolling all-day affairs where members came and went as their schedules permitted. Through his pupils Felix Galimir, Richard Goldner, and others, his ideas influenced the training of generations of chamber music performers in the U. S., Australia (Musica Viva Australia), and elsewhere.
In August 1939, he visited Warsaw in an attempt to sell a house belonging to his wife, and was trapped there by the German invasion. Imprisoned in the Warsaw Ghetto, he directed (guided by the orchestra founders Marian Neuteich and Adam Furmanski) the Warsaw Ghetto Symphony Orchestra, which included among notable musicians, Ludwik Holcman. The band performed frequently from 1940 to 1942. Pullman was transported to Treblinka extermination camp in early August 1942, and like him, all of the members of the orchestra were presumed to have been killed.
Jack Thompson, AM (born John Hadley Pain; 31 August 1940) is an Australian actor and a major figure of Australian cinema, particularly Australian New Wave. He is best known for his role as a lead actor in several acclaimed Australian films, including such classics as The Club (1980), Sunday Too Far Away (1975), The Man from Snowy River (1982) and Petersen (1974). He won Cannes and AFI acting awards for the latter film. 
In 2002, he was made an honorary member of the Australian Cinematographers Society, and was the recipient of a Living Legend Award at the 2005 Inside Film Awards.
Stolidoptera is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae. The genus was discovered by Walter Rothschild and Karl Jordan in 1903.


Irton with Santon is a civil parish in the Borough of Copeland, Cumbria, England.  It contains 17 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England.  Of these, two are listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.  The parish is in the Lake District National Park.  It contains the villages of Irton and Santon Bridge, and is otherwise rural.  In the parish is the country house of Irton Hall, which incorporates a medieval tower house, and also has a clock tower; all of these are listed.  The other listed buildings include houses, farmhouses, farm buildings, a church with a memorial in its churchyard, two bridges, a summer house, and an inn.
The Rangitikei District is a territorial authority district located primarily in the Manawatū-Whanganui region in the North Island of New Zealand, although a small part, the town of Ngamahanga (13.63% by land area), lies in the Hawke's Bay Region. It is located in the southwest of the island, and follows the catchment area of the Rangitīkei River.
The Rangitikei District Council is the local government authority for this district. It is composed of a mayor, currently Andy Watson, and 11 councillors, one of whom is the deputy mayor.
The 2014 Italian local elections were held on  25 May, with a second round on 8 June. In Italy, direct elections were held in 4,086 municipalities: in each municipality (comune) were chosen mayor and members of the City Council. Of the 4,086 municipalities, 29 were provincial capitals and 243 had a population higher than 15,000 inhabitants (10,000 for Sicily).
Municipal councilors and mayors ordinarily serve a terms of five years.
Albert Bielschowsky ([bi:lšofski]; 3 January 1847 – 21 October 1902) was a German literary historian (Literaturwissenschaftler). He is known for his writings concerning Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
Bielschowsky was born in Namslau (Namysłów), Prussian Silesia, into a family of Jewish merchants. He studied philology in Breslau (Wrocław) and Berlin. Because Bielschowsky's work on Goethe was cut short by his death in Berlin, the series was completed by Theobald Ziegler.
Doreen Mwamba is a Zambian politician. She is the current Minister of Community Development and Social Services of Zambia and a nominated member of parliament. She is the member of United Party for National Development (UPND). She was born on 20 March 1966 in Zambia. She holds a Cabin and VIP Service, Diploma in Hotel Management and Grade 12 Certificate.
The Savane River flows in the municipality of Saint-François-de-l'Île-d'Orléans, in the L'Île-d'Orléans Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The lower part of this small valley is served by Chemin Royale (route 368) which runs along the southeast shore of Île d'Orléans. Besides a small forest area crossed in the upper part, agriculture constitutes the main economic activity of this small valley.
The surface of the Dauphine River is generally frozen from the beginning of December until the end of March; however, safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to mid-March. The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation; the spring flood occurs in March or April.
The University of Tokyo Library is a term used to refer to the University of Tokyo (UTokyo) Library System, which consists of three comprehensive libraries located in each of the university's main campuses, and 27 field-specific libraries affiliated with faculties and institutes within UTokyo. As of December 2023, the UTokyo Library System owns a collection of over 9.98 million books and numerous materials of historical or scientific values, making it the second largest library in Japan. It is only surpassed by the National Diet Library, which stores approximately 12.11 million books.
Leung Ka Yu (Chinese: 梁嘉儒; born 28 May 1996) is a Hong Kong road and track cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team HKSI Pro Cycling Team.
The 1959 Monte Carlo Rally was the 28th Rallye Automobile de Monte-Carlo. It was won by Paul Coltelloni.
Schönfeld is a village and a former municipality in the district of Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the municipality Kamern.
Us and Them is the fifth studio album by English industrial metal band Godflesh. It was released through Earache Records on 17 May 1999 in Europe and on 8 June 1999 in North America. As with Godflesh's 1997 remix album Love and Hate in Dub, Us and Them is influenced by breakbeats, drum and bass, oldschool jungle, trip hop and hip hop.
Shortly after Us and Them's release, Godflesh frontman Justin Broadrick admitted that he "hated" the album as it was the expression of an "identity crisis". Years later, he revised his thoughts, saying that his hatred of Us and Them was "overstated", and that his main issue in the album lies in its more "cringe-worthy moments."
The District of New Mexico was a military district of the United States Army in the Territory of New Mexico that existed from 1865 to 1890.  The District of Arizona and the District of New Mexico replaced the Department of New Mexico from June 27, 1865.
The District of New Mexico was subordinate to the Military Division of the Pacific from June 27, 1865 - July 1866.  It was subordinate to the Department of the Missouri, from 1866 to 1890.
Ornipholidotos kelle is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Cameroon and the Republic of the Congo. The habitat consists of forests.
KVCW (channel 33) is a television station in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, affiliated with The CW and MyNetworkTV. It is owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group alongside NBC affiliate KSNV (channel 3). The two stations share studios on Foremaster Lane in Las Vegas; KVCW's transmitter is located on Black Mountain, near Henderson (southwest of I-11/US 93/US 95).
This is a list of public art in Blaenau Gwent, a county borough in south Wales that borders Monmouthshire and Torfaen to the east, Caerphilly to the west and Powys to the north. The area is governed by Blaenau Gwent County Borough Council. This list applies only to works of public art on permanent display in an outdoor public space and does not, for example, include artworks in museums.
Colombo Land and Development Company PLC (CLDC) is a Sri Lankan property development and holding company involved in mixed development projects in the real estate and retail sector. Established on 8 December 1981, CLDC was subsequently listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange on 19 March 1986. The company is the developer and the owner of Liberty Plaza, Colombo.
The company's principal activities encompass the development and leasing of investment properties, particularly at Liberty Plaza. Additionally, CLDC manages vehicle car parks at both Liberty Plaza and Pettah locations.
Charles Stewart QC (c. 1913 – 1985) was a barrister and independent politician in Northern Ireland.
Ivanovo Yuzhny Airport (Ivanovo South) (Russian: Аэропорт Иваново-Южный) (IATA: IWA, ICAO: UUBI) is an airport in Russia located 7 km southwest of Ivanovo.  It is a civilian facility that handles medium-sized airliners.  It is not to be confused with the Ivanovo Severny airlift base. In 2023 annual number of passengers served by the Airport exceeded 100,000.
The 1st Parachute Battalion was a unit of the Royal Hungarian Army that  was formed on 1 October 1939. It participated in the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia during World War II. During the Siege of Budapest, the battalion suffered a 40% casualty rate and lost another 10% of its soldiers during the withdrawal.
Oktisi (Macedonian: Октиси, Albanian: Oktis) is a village in the municipality of Struga, North Macedonia.
Shāh Shujā' (Persian: شاه شجاع, meaning: brave king) may refer to the following:

Shah Shoja Mozaffari, the 14th-century Muzaffarid ruler of Southern Iran
Shah Shuja (Mughal prince) (1616-1661), the second son of Shah Jahan
Shah Shujah Durrani, emir of Afghanistan in 1803–1809 and 1839-1842
Graham Laird (1933 – 9 April 1958) was an Australian rugby league player.
Raised in the Mackay Region, Laird was the elder brother of Queensland and Australia fullback Ray.
Laird started out in North Queensland playing for the Magpies in the Mackay league and was the competition's "best and fairest" player in the 1954 season. In 1955, Laird switched to Toowoomba and won selection as Queensland five-eighth for the interstate series against New South Wales. This was followed by a national call up for home Tests against France and he scored two tries on debut at the Gabba. He competed for the Parramatta Eels in the 1956 NSWRFL season, then had a season with Narromine, before returning to Queensland.
In 1958, Laird was early into his first season as captain-coach of Mackay when he got crushed by an overturned tractor while farming near Ilbilbie, Queensland. Although rescued by a motorist, Laird had suffered fatal injuries, having been trapped until the tractor for several hours. He died on the way to the hospital.
Alexandre "Sandro" Rosell Feliu (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsandɾu ruˈzeʎ]; born 6 March 1964) is a Spanish businessman. He earned an MBA degree from ESADE. Rosell ran as senior adviser of Joan Laporta during the 2003 Barcelona elections and was the vice-president of sports until June 2005. He was the president of Barcelona from 2010 to 2014. In 2017, Rosell was jailed without bail as part of a money laundering investigation related to buying television rights for past matches of the Brazil national team. On 24 April 2019, after a total of 643 days of pre-trial detention and with the provisional release of Rosell having been rejected on as much as 13 occasions, Spanish courts fully acquitted Rosell.
Walter Leslie Brine (August 5, 1918 – November 2, 2004), known professionally as Salty Brine, was a well-known broadcaster in Rhode Island.


Saint-Léger-de-Peyre (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ leʒe də pɛʁ]; Occitan: Sent Latgièr de Peire) is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Polyphylla nigra is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
Michael Peter Moroz is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 2023 Manitoba general election. He represents the district of River Heights as a member of the Manitoba New Democratic Party.
Prior to being elected, Moroz was a high school teacher. He grew up in Northern Alberta, then moved to Vancouver Island before moving to Winnipeg. He was also an actor and casting director. He was in one episode of Alienated.


Williamsfield may refer to places:
Toba Kakri is a small town northwest of Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan. It part of Pishin District lying near to the town of Pishin. Most of the residents belong to the Kakar Tribe. In 2005, like much of Balochistan, the area was badly affected by flooding caused by torrential rainfall and had to receive international aid. In winter nomads from Afghanistan migrate into Pishin through the highlands of Toba Kakri.


Cevizlidere (Kurdish: Merxo) is a village in the Ovacık District, Tunceli Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds of the Kalan tribe and had a population of 42 in 2021.
The hamlets of Biçin and Kazaklı are attached to the village.
Frederick Obeng Adom (born 11 January 1984) is a Ghanaian Politician. He is a member of the Eighth Parliament of the Fourth Republic of Ghana representing the Upper West Akim Constituency in the Eastern Region on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party (NPP). He is the deputy minister of transportation.
Zdroisko [ˈzdrɔi̯skɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Kłodawa and 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
James Franklin Prewitt (January 31, 1949 - September 7, 2020) was an American attorney and government affairs consultant.  He was a confidential source upon whom the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) relied to help prosecute "Operation Polar Pen," the Alaska political corruption probe that eventually ensnared United States Senator Ted Stevens. Prewitt was the author of Last Bridge to Nowhere, a creative non-fiction book that describes his involvement as an FBI source.
Ollanta Humala began his presidency when he was sworn into the office of President of the Republic of Peru on 28 July 2011. On the same day, he represented his cabinet, headed by the non-partisan Salomón Lerner Ghitis. On 10 December 2011, Lerner stepped down, following fierce protests against a mining project. He was replaced by Interior Minister Oscar Valdés. The next day, Valdés presented a new cabinet, replacing eleven ministers.
Humala's Second Vice President Omar Chehade was temporarily suspended by Congress on 5 December 2011, facing corruption allegations. On 16 January 2012, Chehade resigned permanently.
The Battle of Bunker Hill was a small skirmish near Bunker Hill, West Virginia, on July 15, 1861, as part of the Manassas Campaign of 1861.
Saint John the Baptist Parish Church, commonly known as Dingle Church, is a Roman Catholic parish church located at the municipality of Dingle, Iloilo in the Philippines. It is under the jurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Jaro. Finished in 1886, the church stands as a fine example of Baroque architecture exuding the style of Neoclassical extravagance.
Nyamdondovyn Ganbold (born 5 March 1973) is a Mongolian speed skater. He competed in two events at the 1992 Winter Olympics.
The R392 is a Regional Route in South Africa that connects Walaza with Komani via Sterkspruit, Lady Grey and Dordrecht.
Sitra Mall is a multi-storey shopping mall located in Sitra, Bahrain. It opened in 2006 and covers an area of 46,838 square meter. It is located adjacent to Tubli Bay and neighbors Al Noor International School, a Toyota/Lexus car showroom and the Sitra Causeway which connects Sitra island to the capital city Manama. The mall can hold up to 118 outlets. It is the first mall in Bahrain to have a waterfront view.
The 2015 6 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps, formally the WEC 6 Heures de Spa-Francorchamps, was a six-hour endurance sports car racing event held for Le Mans Prototype and Le Mans Grand Touring Endurance cars on 2 May at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Stavelot, Belgium. Spa-Francorchamps hosted the second race of the 2015 FIA World Endurance Championship with 54,000 people attending the race weekend.
The No. 17 Porsche of Timo Bernhard, Brendon Hartley, and Mark Webber qualified in pole position and maintained the lead until it was issued with a stop-and-go penalty, allowing Marc Lieb, Romain Dumas and Neel Jani to take over the lead. Audi's No. 7 car of André Lotterer, Marcel Fässler and Benoît Tréluyer took over the lead when Jani made a scheduled pit stop. Lotterer and Lieb battled for the position until the former made a pit stop that had Tréluyer assume his driving duties. He overtook Lieb to move to the front of the race where he remained for the rest of the event to win after Audi elected to keep him on track. Lieb, Dumas and Jani finished second and Bernhard, Hartley and Webber was third. Lotterer, Fässler and Tréluyer covered a record-breaking track distance of 765.967 miles (1,232.704 km) over 176 laps.
The Le Mans Prototype 2 (LMP2) category was won by the No. 38 Jota Sport of Simon Dolan, Harry Tincknell and Mitch Evans. The car was penalised for jumping the start, but Evans took the class lead after passing co-pole sitter Julien Canal in the No. 26 G-Drive Racing entry and held it for most of the race to earn his first category win in the World Endurance Championship; while it was Dolan and Tincknell's second in the sport. The No. 99 Aston Martin Racing car of Fernando Rees, Richie Stanaway and Alex MacDowall took the victory in the Le Mans Grand Touring Professional (LMGTE Pro) class, their first in the World Endurance Championship. Porsche Team Manthley's cars finished second and third after Gianmaria Bruni was penalised for a pit stop infringement, and Darren Turner in the No. 97 Aston Martin entered the pit lane. The Le Mans Grand Touring Amateur (LMGTE Am) category was won by Paul Dalla Lana, Pedro Lamy and Mathias Lauda, ahead of AF Corse's No. 83 Ferrari of François Perrodo, Emmanuel Collard and Rui Águas.
The result meant Lotterer, Fässler and Tréluyer extended their Drivers' Championship advantage over Lieb, Dumas and Jani to be 14 points ahead of the three drivers. Alexander Wurz, Mike Conway and Stéphane Sarrazin moved from fourth to third with their Toyota teammates Anthony Davidson and Sébastien Buemi dropping to fourth position. Bernhard's, Hartley's and Webber's third-place finish meant they moved into fifth place. Audi moved further ahead of Porsche in the Manufacturers' Championship while Toyota dropped to third position with six races left in the season.
Shihan Mato or Shihan-Mato (四半的) is a Japanese style of archery, employing a short bow, with the archer shooting from a sitting position. It is a separate style completely independent of and quite different from the other style of Japanese traditional archery, kyūdō. The style originated from what was the domain of the Shimazu clan (in modern-day Miyazaki Prefecture). It is sometimes referred to as a peasant style of archery. 
The Shimazu lord created the style so as to be able to arm his peasantry with bow, and thus increase the amount of archers in his forces. However, at the same time, so as to limit their ability to use the bows in a rebellion, the peasants were told to practice from a sitting position.
The distance to the target is approximately 8.2 m (27 ft), which is quite short. The bow is also quite short compared to other bows, conversely the arrows, typically made by Mizuno or Easton,  are around 1 m (3 ft 3 in) in length. Shihan mato  is very well known in Obi Nichinan, Miyazaki and it was regularly practiced in Obi Castle.
In the modern day, Shihan Mato is seen as a form of leisure activity. It is customary for people to drink and eat, then shoot in the Shihan Mato style. 
Clothing is a lot less formal than other styles of Japanese archery, practitioner may wear any informal clothing.
The style of archery is mainly practiced in Miyazaki prefecture, and there is one  club teaching it outside Japan, in Melbourne Australia.
Aurat, also known by its English title Woman, is a 1940 Indian film directed by Mehboob Khan and starring Sardar Akhtar, Surendra, Yakub, Kanhaiyalal and Arun Kumar Ahuja. The film's music is by Anil Biswas and dialogue is by Wajahat Mirza. Mehboob Khan later remade this film as Mother India (1957), which is considered one of the biggest hits of all time in Indian Cinema (and again repeated Wajahat Mirza for  dialogues, Kanhiyalal as Sukhi Lala and Faredoon Irani for cinematography).
The ¥2,000 note (二千円紙幣, nisen-en shihei) is a denomination of Japanese yen, that was first issued on July 19, 2000, to commemorate the 26th G8 Summit and the millennium. The banknote is notable for not being a commemorative banknote under Japanese law, and circulates as a regular issue. It is also the only Japanese currency using a number 2 denomination.
The Nancy Reagan defense is a tactic in corporate finance used to counter a takeover or merger bidder who has made a formal bid to shareholders to buy their shares.  When the board of directors of the target company meets to consider the bid, they "just say no."
For example, in a discussion of a takeover of the Walt Disney Company by Comcast, analyst Andy Kessler on Wall Street Week stated "there are two great Wall Street defenses. One is the Nancy Reagan defense and the other is the Pac-Man defense, right? And the Nancy Reagan defense is, just say no."  An early use of the term referred to NCR's takeover defense against AT&T in 1991.
The term refers to the "Just Say No" anti-drug campaign of the early 1980s and repeated by former United States First Lady Nancy Reagan advocating abstinence from recreational drug use.
The Beşiktaş-Fenerbahçe rivalry are the basketball (men's and women's) matches between Beşiktaş and Fenerbahçe, two clubs representing the city of Istanbul.
Beşiktaş and Fenerbahçe Men's Basketball Teams have played against each other 161 times since 1945. Fenerbahçe won 109 of these matches and Beşiktaş won 52 of these matches. Beşiktaş and Fenerbahçe Women's Basketball Teams have played each other 129 times since 1956, of these matches Fenerbahçe won 97, and Beşiktaş and 32.
Beşiktaş's men's basketball department were founded in 1933, before being halted in 1936, and then resuming once again in 1940. Since then, Beşiktaş have played in the Turkish Basketball Super League, in every season, except in the 1988–89 season, due to their relegation to the Turkish Basketball First League after the 1987–88 season. The club won the Turkish Super League, under the management of Ateş Çubukçu and Tom Davis, in the 1974–75 season.
The men's basketball department of Fenerbahçe were founded in 1913 and achieved considerable success when the sport established itself in Turkey. Fenerbahçe won national championship titles in 1957, 1959 and 1965, just before the Turkish League was founded in 1966, and participated in the European Champions Cup in 1960 and 1966. Their fans had to wait until 1991 for another title, when Levent Topsakal, Larry Richard and head coach Çetin Yılmaz led Fenerbahçe to the Turkish League title over Tofaş.
Xylophanes rothschildi is a moth of the  family Sphingidae. It is found from Colombia, Ecuador and Peru south to Bolivia.
The wingspan is 63–72 mm. The upperside of the forewings is dark green with a bluish glow. The base of the wings is also green, but has a deeper colour. The upperside of the hindwings is nearly black with an inconspicuous pinkish-orange median band.
The larvae probably feed on Rubiaceae and Malvaceae species.
In popular culture, the Bro Code is a friendship etiquette to be followed among men or, more specifically, among members of the bro subculture. The term was invented and popularized by Barney Stinson, a character from the television show How I Met Your Mother. Katherine Connor Martin, head of content creation at Oxford Dictionaries, recognized Stinson as "the quintessence of a certain iteration of the contemporary bro".
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Piscataquis County, Maine.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 59 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.  Another 3 properties were once listed, but have since been removed.
          This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted September 20, 2024.
The Counterfeiters or Counterfeiters may refer to:

The Counterfeiters (novel), a 1925 novel by André Gide
Counterfeiters (1940 film), a German film
The Counterfeiters (1948 film), an American film directed by Sam Newfield
The Counterfeiters (1951 film), an Italian film directed by Franco Rossi
The Counterfeiters (2007 film), a 2007 film written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky
The Counterfeiters (2010 film), a 2010 film based on the Gide novel
Counterfeiters (2017 film), a 2017 film written, directed by, and starring Bryce Hirschberg
The Clemson Tigers college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing Clemson University in the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Clemson has played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Clemson, South Carolina since 1942.  The Tigers have three national championship titles (1981, 2016 and 2018) along with two other national championship appearances in 2015 and 2019. The Tigers have claimed 26 conference championships and have appeared in 50 postseason bowl games with an overall record of 27-23.  Clemson now has over 750 wins in its program.
Kangaroo Lake is a small dystrophic lake on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. The lake is roughly 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the much larger Lake Brunner, and is popular with both duck hunters and recreational fishermen. There is no road access to the lake, with access only via tracks.
During the West Coast gold rush of the 1860s, the lake was the scene of a rush in which a party of some 800 men followed a so-called "kangaroo party" which held a claim near the lake. The men were ferried across Kangaroo Lake, with up to a quarter of them suffering hardship as a result of the swamp around the lake.
Along with nearby lakes Hochstetter, Ahaura, Haupiri, Brunner, Lady and Poerua, Kangaroo Lake is part of a series of interconnected lakes known collectively as the North Westland Ecological Region Complex. These lakes are all fluvio-glacial in origin, having been formed by large glaciers from the nearby Southern Alps / Kā Tiritiri o te Moana during the last glacial maximum.
Stenorhopalus nigriceps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Rodolfo Amando Philippi in 1859.
Sir Thomas Russell Fairgrieve CBE (3 May 1924 – 17 February 1999) was a Scottish Conservative and Unionist politician.
He was educated at St. Mary's School, Melrose, Sedbergh School, and the Scottish College of Textiles. He served as a Major in the 8th Gurkha Rifles (Indian Army), 1946 and as a Major in the King's Own Scottish Borderers from 1956 to 1972.
He served as a Selkirk County and Galashiels Town Councillor from 1949 to 1959, and as Member of Parliament for Aberdeenshire West from February 1974 until 1983. He was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland from 1979 until 1981, and was a Member of the Council of Europe. He held a number of offices in the Scottish Conservative Association and was Chairman of the Conservative Party in Scotland from 1975 until 1980.
He held a number of business appointments, mainly in the textile, advertising and construction sectors.
He was appointed a CBE in 1974 and was knighted in 1981.
Huang Ho-hsiung is a road cyclist from Taiwan. She represented her nation as Chinese Taipei at the 2011 UCI Road World Championships.
Dysschema jansonis is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1870. It is found in Nicaragua.
Jess Harrison Davis (July 29, 1906 – September 17, 1972) was the 4th President of Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, New Jersey.
Chugach Census Area is a census area located in the state of Alaska, United States. It is part of the Unorganized Borough and therefore has no borough seat. On January 2, 2019, it was split from the Valdez–Cordova Census Area (of which it claims to be the successor), along with neighboring Copper River Census Area.
As of the 2020 census, the census area had a population of 7,102; its largest communities are the cities of Valdez and Cordova.
In baseball statistics, an error is an act, in the judgment of the official scorer, of a fielder misplaying a ball in a manner that allows a batter or baserunner to advance one or more bases or allows an at bat to continue after the batter should have been put out.
Herman Long is the all-time leader in errors, committing 1,096 in his career. Bill Dahlen (1,080), Deacon White (1,018), and Germany Smith (1,009) are the only other players to commit over 1,000 career errors. Tommy Corcoran (992), Fred Pfeffer (980), Cap Anson (976), and John Montgomery Ward (952) are the only other players to commit over 900 career errors.
Shangus–Anantnag East Assembly constituency is one of the 90 constituencies in the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly of Jammu and Kashmir a north state of India. Shangus is also part of Anantnag Lok Sabha constituency.
The following are the Kuwait national football team results in its official international matches.
Baengnyeongdo (Korean: 백령도; Korean pronunciation: [pɛŋnjʌŋdo]), sometimes Baekryeong Island, is an island in Ongjin County, Incheon, South Korea. It is an inhabited island located near the Northern Limit Line, and is closer to North Korea than it is to the South.
Since the 1945 division of Korea, the island has remained under South Korean control. This was affirmed by the 1953 Korean Armistice Agreement which ended the Korean War. Since then, the island has hosted both North Korean defectors and skirmishes between the two countries.
The island is now a popular tourist destination, and is known for its scenic cliffs and beaches. It has three Natural Monuments of South Korea.


Percy Sherwood (23 May 1866 - 15 May 1939) was a German-born composer and pianist of English nationality.
He was born in Dresden, the son of a lecturer in English at Dresden University, John Sherwood, and a German mother Auguste Koch, who had been a successful soprano. After his studies with Theodor Kirchner, Felix Draeseke and Herman Scholtz, Sherwood became a major figure in the music life of Dresden before the First World War. In 1889 he won the Mendelssohn Prize for his Requiem. He was first a teacher, then professor, at the Dresden Conservatory from 1893 and 1911 respectively. His own students included Dora Pejačević. Shortly before war broke out in 1914 he and his wife abandoned their Dresden villa and returned to England, where he was almost unknown. Thereafter he made a living as a private teacher in London and travelling weekly to Oxford and Cambridge.  He died in London.
Sherwood’s compositions come from the classic German tradition. They include five symphonies (Nos. 4 and 5 are lost) and several concertos (two each for cello, piano and violin), as well as chamber music (including two cello sonatas and at least six string quartets) and solo piano works. Modern recordings have started to appear.
Henry Currey (1820–1900) was an English architect and surveyor.
Club Deportivo Amigó is a Spanish football club based in Aranguren, in the autonomous community of Navarre. Founded in 1986, the club play in the Regional Preferente – Group 1, holding home matches at the Campo de Futbol Colegio Luis Amigó.
Patrick Sebastian Dinu (born 12 June 2005) is a Romanian competitive swimmer specializing in sprint freestyle events. At the 2022 World Junior Championships, he won a gold medal in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay, a silver medal in the 4×100-metre mixed freestyle relay, and placed fifth in the final of the 100-metre freestyle. He is a gold medalist in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay at the European Junior Championships in 2022 and silver medalist in 2021, as well as a silver medalist in the 4×100-metre mixed freestyle relay and in 2022.
Yolanda Eugenia González Hernández (born 1 January 1956) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party. As of 2014 she served as Senator of the LVIII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing San Luis Potosí and as Deputy of the LVI Legislature. She also served as a local deputy in the LI and LIII Legislatures of the Congress of San Luis Potosí.
Colleen Pinkney (born Colleen Marshall) is a Canadian curler from Truro, Nova Scotia. She is a 2009 and 2013 Canadian Senior champion skip and a two-time provincial senior champion. She won the World Senior Curling Championships in 2010.
In enzymology, a diamine transaminase (EC 2.6.1.29) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction:

an alpha,omega-diamine + 2-oxoglutarate 
  
    
      
        ⇌
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }
  
 an omega-aminoaldehyde + L-glutamate
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are alpha,omega-diamine and 2-oxoglutarate, whereas its two products are omega-aminoaldehyde and L-glutamate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically the transaminases, which transfer nitrogenous groups.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is diamine:2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase. Other names in common use include amine transaminase, amine-ketoacid transaminase, diamine aminotransferase, and diamine-ketoglutaric transaminase.  This enzyme participates in urea cycle and metabolism of amino groups.
A capuchon is a cone-shaped ceremonial hat worn during the Mardi Gras celebration in the Cajun areas of southern Louisiana, known as the Courir de Mardi Gras. The rural celebration is based on early begging rituals, similar to those still celebrated by mummers, wassailers and celebrants of Halloween.  As Mardi Gras is the celebration of the final day before Lent, celebrants drink and eat heavily, but dress in costume, ostensibly to protect their identities.
Many of the traditional costumes are derivatives of the costumes worn in early rural France during the same celebration.  The costumes directly mock the nobility, the clergy and the educated; celebrants wear miter hats, mortarboards and capuchons, which were initially designed to mock the tall pointy hats worn by noble women.
These hats are still worn, primarily by men.  The name "capuchon" comes from the same root word, "cappa" in Latin, meaning a cape or hood, that gives us "cap", "cape", "cope", "chapeau" in French, Capuchin monkeys, Capuchin friars, cappuccinos and baseball caps.  Chaperon (headgear) describes the development of the word.  The hats are vibrantly decorated to match (or intentionally mis-match) the colorful Mardi Gras costumes that they accompany.  They are often worn with a mask.
The capuchons worn by Mardi Gras celebrants are unrelated to the pointed hoods worn by the Ku Klux Klan, and predate the hoods by several hundred years.
Jean de Vienne was a French light cruiser of the La Galissonnière class. During World War II, she remained with Vichy France. She was named for Jean de Vienne, a 14th-century French knight, general and admiral during the Hundred Years' War.
In applied mathematics, the Johnson bound (named after Selmer Martin Johnson) is a limit on the size of error-correcting codes, as used in coding theory for data transmission or communications.
See also Titus Flavius Sabinus (disambiguation) for other men of this name.
Titus Flavius Sabinus was a Roman senator who was active in the first century AD. He was twice consul suffectus, first in the nundinium of April through June of 69 with his brother Gnaeus Arulenus Caelius Sabinus, and again in May and June of 72 as the colleague of Gaius Licinius Mucianus.
Gavin Townend has identified Sabinus as a nephew of the emperor Vespasian, and the son of Titus Flavius Sabinus, consul in 47, a thesis that has come to be accepted by other scholars. Townend further argued that Sabinus was the father of Titus Flavius Sabinus consul in 82, and Titus Flavius Clemens consul in 95.
Vidyalankara Saligrama Krishna Ramachandra Rao (4 September 1925 – 2 February 2006) was an Indian author, Sanskrit scholar and
professor of psychology.
His books, most of them in Kannada and English, deal with Indian
culture, philosophy, art, music, and literature. They are based on research he
conducted on ancient Indian texts and rare manuscripts. He was working on a
thirty-two volume project on the Rigveda in English at the time of his death.
Mark J. Stoyle  is an English historian of the Tudor and Stuart periods, specialising in the English Civil War, the nature of magic and witchcraft, and the identity of key areas such as Devon, Cornwall and Wales during the early modern period. He is Professor at the University of Southampton, and works on the history and landscape of Exeter where he previously lived and taught.
Thomas Ira Chittenden (born October 8, 1977) is an American politician from Vermont and a member of the Vermont Democratic Party. He was elected as a Vermont State Senator on November 3, 2020 as one of the six senators representing Chittenden County. He is a South Burlington City Councilor (2015 to present) serving in his third term. He has also been twice elected by the faculty of the University of Vermont to serve as their Faculty Senate President (2019–2020). He also served as the Chair and Vice Chair of Green Mountain Transit Authority (2015–2020).
His Vermont family lineage traces nine generations back to Bethuel Chittenden, the brother of Vermont's first governor Thomas Chittenden and he lives in the Chittenden family home in South Burlington with Chittenden land deeds tracing to 1836.
He was the 2019 UVM Grossman School of Business Faculty Member of the Year and in 2017 was awarded the UVM Presidents Distinguished Lecturer Award. He is the father of three children attending public school and married to Kimberly Chittenden who teaches in the Colchester School District.
Colin Roberts may refer to:

Colin Roberts (footballer) (born 1933), English footballer who played as a wing half
Colin Roberts (diplomat) (born 1959), British diplomat and Governor of the Falkland Islands
Colin Henderson Roberts (1909–1990), classical scholar and publisher
Streptomyces nigrescens is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil. Streptomyces nigrescens produces 5-alkyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolines and the antibiotics phoslactomycin A - F.
Blind Corner (U.S. title: Man in the Dark) is a 1964 British second feature thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and starring William Sylvester, Barbara Shelley and Alexander Davion. The screenplay was by James Kelley and Peter Miller. It was produced by Tom Blakely for Mancunian Films / Blakeley's Films (Manchester) Ltd.
The scheming adulterous wife of a blind composer finally gets her comeuppance.
This is a list of educational institutions in Pakistan.
Stöde is a locality situated in Sundsvall Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 572 inhabitants in 2010.
Acacia applanata, also known as golden grass wattle or grass wattle, is a grasslike shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and subgenus Alatae. It is native to the south west of Western Australia.
Goat Blocks is a mixed-use development in Portland, Oregon, United States.
The complex was built on a 2-acre field which was previously home to a herd of goats, nicknamed the "Belmont Goats".
Killian Pacific's development project includes a grocery store (Market of Choice), a hardware store, and an apartment complex. The non-alcoholic pop-up restaurant Suckerpunch operated at the Goat Blocks in 2022.


The 2012 Continental Indoor Football League season was the Continental Indoor Football League's seventh overall season. The regular season started on Saturday March 10, with the expansion Port Huron Patriots defeating the expansion Chicago Vipers 52–49 at McMorran Arena, and ended with the 2012 CIFL Championship Game, the league's championship game, on June 2, 2012, at the Dow Event Center in Saginaw, Michigan where the Saginaw Sting defeated the Dayton Silverbacks 35–7.
To Control the Stars is a 1977 science fiction novel by US editor and writer Robert Hoskins, first written as a story The Problem Makers, and published in Galaxy Magazine, August, 1963.
It is the second of three in the Stars sequence, where, in a setting of galactic rediscovery, planets and organizations struggle to achieve their views of the future. The Society for Homonidic Studies seeks to observe developing planets, while a rival group inside seeks to exploit planets.


The superkingdom Metakaryota was defined by Thomas Cavalier-Smith as advanced eukaryotes resulting from the endosymbiosis of a proteobacterium, giving rise to the mitochondrion, by an archezoan eukaryote. However, with the collapse of the Archezoa hypothesis (that amitochondriate eukaryotes were basal), this grouping was abandoned in later schemes.
In 2023, using molecular phylogenetic analysis of 186 taxa, Al Jewari and Baldauf proposed a phylogenetic tree with the metamonad Parabasalia as basal Eukaryotes. Discoba and the rest of the Eukaryota appear to have emerged as sister taxon to the Preaxostyla, incorporating a single alphaproteobacterium as mitochondria by endosymbiosis. Thus the Fornicata are more closely related to e.g. animals than to Parabasalia. The rest of the Eukaryotes emerged within the Excavata as sister of the Discoba. Caesar al Jewari and Sandra Baldauf argue instead that the Eukaryotes possibly started with an endosymbiosis event of a deltaproteobacterium or gammaproteobacterium, accounting for the otherwise unexplained presence of anaerobic bacterial enzymes in metamonada in this scenario. The sister of the Preaxostyla within Metamonada represents the rest of the Eukaryotes which acquired a alphaproteobacterium.
Reinhard F. Stocker (born 1944) is a Swiss biologist. He pioneered the analysis of the sense of smell and taste in higher animals, using the fly Drosophila melanogaster as a study case. He provided a detailed account of the anatomy and development of the olfactory system, in particular across metamorphosis, for which he received the Théodore-Ott-Prize of the Swiss Academy of Medical Sciences in 2007, and pioneered the use of larval Drosophila for the brain and behavioural sciences.
The 2022 AFC Annual Awards was the 27th edition of the AFC Annual Awards; an awards ceremony for football players, coaches, members and other practitioners of the year in Asia. The award ceremony was held at the Al Mayassa Theatre, part of the Qatar National Convention Centre in Doha, Qatar on 31 October 2023.
The awards were held for the first time since 2019 as the ceremonies were cancelled chiefly due to the COVID-19.
"Hotel Room Service" is a song by American rapper Pitbull released as the third single from his fourth album, Pitbull Starring in Rebelution. It was released to both iTunes and mainstream radio on June 16, 2009. The song peaked at number eight on the US Billboard Hot 100, making it his second top 10 hit following "I Know You Want Me (Calle Ocho)".
The song samples "Push the Feeling On" by Nightcrawlers and interpolates lyrics from Jay-Z's "I Just Wanna Love U" ("Gimme that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff"), The Notorious B.I.G.'s "Nasty Girl" ("Put them fingers in your mouth / Open up your blouse / Pull that g-string down south"), and Sugarhill Gang's "Rapper's Delight" ("We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn"). It also references "Whatever You Like" by T.I. when it says "And like T.I.'s 'Whatever You Like'".
On September 16, the official remix to "Hotel Room Service" was released, which features Pussycat Dolls lead singer Nicole Scherzinger.
A version of the song titled "Super Clean Edit" (3:58) was released to radio stations and features alternate lyrics in place of the 'egg whites' line.
undone:
Yo' man just left, I'm the doctor tonight. Check up right! Oh, you the healthy type, well I'mma give you just what you like...
This version also replaces the outro in which Pitbull exclaims 'Mujeres!' to an English translation 'All my women!'
The King William Historic District of San Antonio, Texas was listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bexar County, Texas on January 20, 1972. The area was originally used as farm acreage by the Spanish priests of the Misión San Antonio de Valero, and eventually parceled off for the local indigenous peoples of the area. In addition to residential homes, the district also includes the King William Park and Bandstand originally built in 1892 on the arsenal grounds, and later moved to its current location. Other features are the Upper Mill Park, the King William River Walk, and the Johnson Street pedestrian bridge.
The subdividing of the area into residential lots dates to 1853–66, coincided with the German diaspora in Texas. San Antonio by then was experiencing an influx of German immigrants, fueled in part by the German Adelsverein colonization efforts of the mid-19th century. Wilhelm Thielepape was one of those colonists, and served as Mayor of San Antonio 1867–1872. Surveyor Ernst Hermann Altgelt relocated to San Antonio in 1866, and built the first home in the area now known as the King William District. Being the first home builder in the area, he named it after King of Prussia William I, German Emperor.  What eventually became a German enclave of the King William Historic District continued into the next generations. The 419 King William house was built in 1884 by Smith Ellis, but eventually sold to Otto Meusebach, the son of John O. Meusebach who led the Adelsverein colonization and founded the German town of Fredericksburg, Texas.
The King William Historic District evolved into more of an area for the financially successful, rather than any particular ethnicity. Louis Bergstrom was a successful businessman from Sweden. Several of the homes were designed by British architect Alfred Giles: the Carl Wilhelm August Groos House, the Edward Steves Homestead; Sartor House for jeweler Alexander Sartor Jr. Giles designed the Oge House for business leader and former Texas Ranger Louis Oge. The area was home to the United States Arsenal beginning in 1859. In 1985, the H-E-Bu grocery chain acquired ten acres for their corporation headquarters.
Roland Aloysius Madden, an American meteorologist, was a staff scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) from 1967 to 2002. His research centers on diagnostic studies of the atmosphere. Madden is a fellow of the American Meteorological Society (AMS) and a recipient of the 2002 Jule G. Charney Award of the AMS.
Hermann August Krauss (1 August 1848 – 21 April 1939) was an Austrian entomologist who specialised in Orthoptera and Dermaptera.

 
Krauss was a physician. His collection is in the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna.
Policko may refer to the following places:

Policko, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Policko, Lubusz Voivodeship (west Poland)
Policko, Koszalin County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Policko, Łobez County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Risin' with the Blues is the final studio album released by American musician Ike Turner. The album was released in the United States on September 12, 2006. It was produced by his son, Ike Turner Jr., and Roger Nemour. The album received positive reviews and won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album.
The Arcanum is a 1998 book by Janet Gleeson telling the story of the invention of European porcelain and the start of the porcelain industry outside China and Japan.
The book details the events leading to the discovery of the formula for porcelain (the intended meaning of the book title), the ensuing start of the porcelain industry in Meissen, and its rapid spread to other places in Europe in the 18th century. The characters of the plot are: 

Augustus, 1670-1733, (king of Poland as Augustus II the Strong, Elector of Saxony as Friedrich Augustus I, Grand Duke of Lithuania as Augustas II), who is desperate for a way to finance his spending and has hopes on the wonders of alchemy.
Johann Friedrich Böttger, 1682-1719, the teenage alchemist who gets imprisoned and forced, given the materials required, to come up with a reliable way to produce gold and who tries hard but ends up changing direction toward the search to find a commercially viable formula for porcelain, which in this period was more valuable than gold. Assisting Ehrenfried Walther von Tschirnhaus, a scientist who has already been experimenting with ways to make porcelain. Their approach, an attempt to bake clay at higher temperatures than had ever before been attained in European kilns, yielded the breakthrough that had eluded European potters for a century.
David Köhler, who learned porcelainmaking while assisting Böttger, and developed the first enamel colors for Meissen porcelain.
Samuel Stölzel, who learned porcelainmaking while assisting Böttger, escaped and helped start a rival porcelain factory in Vienna, recruited Herold, repented, returned with Herold and developed the enamel colors further.
Johan Gregor Herold, an ambitious artist, who developed the colors and patterns to decorate the early European porcelain.
Johann Joachim Kaendler, 1706 – 1775, a virtuoso sculptor/modeler who used the new material, porcelain, to invent an artform.
Dutch Palace, containing King Augustus' precious porcelain collection.
Meissen, German town near the Polish border, with a prison (Albrechtsburg) where Bøttger was locked up, which was later turned into a porcelain factory.
The A.J. Fisher House is a historic house in Walland, Tennessee, U.S.. It was built circa 1902 for the Schlosser Leather Company. It was designed in the Colonial Revival and Queen Anne architectural styles. From 1902 to 1922, the first manager of the Schlosser Leather Company, A.J. Fisher, lived in the house. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 25, 1989.


The 2013 South American U-15 Championship (Spanish: Campeonato Sudamericano Sub-15 Bolivia 2013) was the 6th edition of the South American U-15 Championship, the biennial international youth football championship organised by CONMEBOL for the men's under-15 national teams of South America. It was held in Bolivia from 16 to 30 November 2023.
The tournament acted as South American qualifying for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics. The champion team qualified for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics boys' football tournament in Nanjing, China as the CONMEBOL representative.
Brazil were the defending champions, but they failed to defend the title after being eliminated in the group stage.
Peru won their first South American U-15 title by defeating Colombia 1–0 in the final, and qualified for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics boys' football tournament. Argentina finished in third place after beating Chile in the third-place play-off.
Honětice is a municipality and village in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 80 inhabitants.
Honětice lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Kroměříž, 31 km (19 mi) west of Zlín, and 227 km (141 mi) south-east of Prague.
Louis-Sébastien Mercier (6 June 1740 – 25 April 1814) was a French dramatist and writer, whose 1771 novel L'An 2440 is an example of proto-science fiction.
Michael D. Hanes is a professor emeritus of Southern Illinois University - School of Music, and former Director of Bands.  A native of Salem, Illinois, Hanes made his home with his wife and child in Carbondale, Illinois.
Martin Hyde may refer to:

Martin Hyde, candidate in the 2007 Ontario provincial election
Martin Hyde, a character in an episode of Highlander: The Series
Martin Hyde: The Duke's Messenger, a 1910 historical novel by John Masefield
Shea was a small village in Jefferson County, Nebraska, located about four miles west of the town of Diller.
Godfrey de Heinsberg (died 1395), Lord of Daelenbroeck, Count of Looz and Count of Chiny (1361–1362), son of John of Heinsberg, Lord of Daelenbroeck (brother of the preceding count Thierry de Heinsberg).
Postal codes in Sri Lanka are five digit numbers used by Sri Lanka Postal Service, that identifies each postal jurisdiction to sort mail more efficiently. They were first introduced in 1997.
Fulton Hill is a neighborhood located in the East End of Richmond, Virginia. The name is used for the area stretching from Gillies Creek to the Richmond city limits.  The Greater Fulton Hill Civic Association includes Fulton Bottom, part of Montrose Heights and part of  Rocketts.  Fulton Hill is south of Church Hill and Shockoe Bottom, north of  Varina, east of the James River, and west of  Sandston.  The zip code is 23231.
John Coster-Mullen (21 December 1946 – 24 April 2021) was an American industrial photographer, truck driver and nuclear archaeologist who played an important role in creating a public record of the design of the first atomic bombs. He is known for his critically-acclaimed self-published book Atom Bombs: The Top Secret, Inside Story of Little Boy and Fat Man.
Ofranergene obadenovec, also known as VB-111, is an anti-angiogenic gene therapy.
The vector is a non-replicating adenovirus 5.  The payload is a chimeric gene encoding a fusion protein that combines the extracellular and intramembrane domains of the human TNF receptor 1 and the intracellular domain of the Fas receptor, under the control of a modified version of the murine promoter for endothelin-1, which is called PPE-1.  PPE-1 drives tissues specific expression and also has a hypoxia responsive element.  The FasR part of the payload is intended to drive cell death in the endothelium of blood vessels where the chimeric protein is expressed; the TNF-R1 part is intended to provide some tumor specificity.
Phase I trial results were presented in 2010 and as of 2011 Phase II trials in metastatic thyroid cancer had been started.
It was granted fast track designation and orphan drug status by the FDA in 2013 for treatment of glioblastoma multiforme.
It is under development by an Israeli company called Vascular Biogenics, also called VBL Therapeutics.  The company was founded in 2000 by Dror Harats and Jacob George; it tried to hold an IPO on NASDAQ under the Jobs Act in August 2014, but the offering failed and was withdrawn after the stock had traded for six days.  The company made a successful offering in September 2014 and raised $40 million.
Neocurtimorda nakanei is a species of beetle in the genus Neocurtimorda of the family Mordellidae. It was described in 1953 by Franciscolo.
Hohenfreyberg Castle (German: Burg Hohenfreyberg), together with Eisenberg Castle directly opposite, forms a castle group in the southern Allgäu that is visible from a long way off. It is located about four kilometres north of Pfronten in the county of Ostallgäu. The late mediaeval hilltop castle was abandoned during the Thirty Years' War and set on fire. From 1995 to 2006 the former aristocratic seat was comprehensively made safe and conserved as part of a closely observed "example of renovation".
Abdollah Khan Ustajlu (died 1566/67) was a high-ranking Iranian dignitary of Turkoman origin, who served during the reign of king (shah) Tahmasp I (1524-1576). He successively held the posts of amir al-omarāʾ (commander-in-chief) and divanbegi (chancellor, chief justice), before becoming the governor of Shirvan from 1549 until 1565 or 1566.
Uruguay competed at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia from 24 July to 9 August 2015.
Mufti Shamoon Qasmi (born 25 May 1967 in Bijnor) is an Indian politician who is a Cabinet minister of Uttarakhand and chairman of Uttarakhand Madarsa board education. He is also a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
He worked for AIDS prevention under the banner of UNAIDS. and member of Aligarh Muslim University Madarasa Board
Theodore Henry Robinson (1881–1964) was a British biblical scholar who became professor of Semitic languages at University College, Cardiff.
Wilfried Maaß (22 September 1931–23 December 2005) was a German politician. He was the secretary of Science, Education, and Culture in the Frankfurt/Oder district leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany 1962–1966. In 1966, he became deputy minister of culture of the German Democratic Republic. Between 1968 and 1972, he was a member of the presidium council of Kulturbund. In 1984 he left his ministerial position to become its secretary.
This is the list of national secretaries of Christian Democracy, a political party in Italy.
Nikolaj Hansen may refer to:

Nikolaj Hansen (footballer, born 1987), Danish footballer for FC Roskilde
Nikolaj Hansen (footballer, born 1993), Danish footballer for Víkingur
Niko Hansen (born 1994), Danish footballer for Columbus Crew SC
In mathematics, specifically geometry and topology, the classification of manifolds is a basic question, about which much is known, and many open questions remain.
John Stanley Sawyer FRS (19 June 1916 – 19 September 2000) was a British meteorologist, and Fellow of the Royal Society.
Gornji Krančići is a village in the municipality of Prozor-Rama, Bosnia and Herzegovina.


Georgians in Poland (Georgian: ქართველები პოლონეთში, romanized: kartvelebi p'olonetshi) form a small population, although their presence is attested since the early modern period.


Bechtle AG is a multinational technology company with a business model combining information technology services with the direct sale of hardware and software IT products, as well as the operation and maintenance of IT infrastructure for industrial customers and public-sector clients. The Bechtle Group is headquartered in Neckarsulm, Baden-Württemberg, and organised into multiple parent and holding companies.
The company has 70 locations in german-speaking regions and trading companies in 14 European countries. A survey conducted by German industry publications Computerwoche and ChannelPartner ranks Bechtle as the largest business-to-business IT service provider by revenue in Germany in 2018.


Namiq Yusifov (born 14 August 1986) is an Azerbaijani professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He has played one match for Azerbaijan U21 against Belarus U21.


United Nations Security Council resolution 977, adopted unanimously on 22 February 1995, after recalling Resolution 955 (1994) in which the council was to determine the seat of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) and noting a report by the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, the council decided that its seat would be in Arusha, Tanzania.
According to the Secretary-General's report, the decision signalled the second phase of the process in establishing the ICTR, which would now allow the process of selecting the six trial judges to begin. Rwanda's representative to the council Manzi Bakuramutsa said that, while his government did not support the decision to allocate the seat outside Rwanda, it would still co-operate with the security council.
The Four Lads were a Canadian male singing quartet that earned many gold singles and albums in the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s. Their million-selling signature tunes include "Moments to Remember"; "Standing on the Corner"; "No, Not Much"; "Who Needs You?" and "Istanbul".
The Four Lads appeared on many television shows, including The Pat Boone Chevy Showroom (1958); Perry Como's show Perry Presents (1959); Frankie Laine Time (1956); and the award-winning PBS special, Moments to Remember: My Music.
The most recent incarnation of the group featured lead tenor Don Farrar, second tenor Aaron Bruce, baritone Alan Sokoloff, and bass singer Frank Busseri.
The original quartet grew up together in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where they learned to sing at St. Michael's Choir School. The founding and core members were Corrado "Connie" Codarini, bass; John Bernard "Bernie" Toorish, tenor and vocal arranger; James F. "Jimmy" Arnold, lead; and Frank "Frankie" Busseri, baritone and group manager. Codarini and Toorish had formed a group with two other St. Michael's students, Rudi Maugeri and John Perkins, who were later to found The Crew-Cuts.
The 2018 Asia Rugby Championship division tournaments refers to the divisions played within the annual international rugby union tournament for the Asian region. The Asia Rugby Championship (ARC) replaced the Asian Five Nations tournament in 2015. The main tournament is now contested by the top three teams in Asia. The other national teams in Asia compete in three divisions.
In a business or IT Management context, IT performance management is concerned with measuring the expenditure of capital and human resources on Information Technology projects. This allows the business to determine how these expenditures improve strategic and operational capabilities of the firm in designing and developing products and services for maximum customer satisfaction, corporate productivity, profitability, and competitiveness. This type of IT Performance Management is usually of interest to executive level IT personnel, all the way up to the Chief Information Officer (CIO), and is related to IT Portfolio Management.
Santa Maria, Sta. Maria or Santa María is a title of Mary, mother of Jesus, in languages such as Italian, Portuguese and Spanish.
It may also refer to:


The Leopaard CT7 is a mid-size pickup truck produced by Changfeng Motor of GAC Group under the Leopaard brand.
Inka Raqay (Quechua Inka Inca, raqay ruin, a demolished building; shed, storehouse or dormitory for the laborers of a farm; a generally old building without roof, only with walls) hispanicized spelling Incaraqay) or Allqu Willka (Allcuhuillca, Alkowillka) is an archaeological site in the Ayacucho Region in Peru. It is located in the Huanta Province, Iguain District, on top of the mountain named Allqu Willka.


The 1979 Women's British Open Squash Championships was held at the Wembley Squash Centre in London from 23 February - 2 March 1979. The event was won by Barbara Wall who defeated Sue Cogswell in the final.
The town of Dedham, Massachusetts, participated in the American Civil War primarily through the 630 men who served in the United States Armed Forces during the war. A total of 46 men would die in the war, including in battle, from disease, from wounds sustained in battle, and in prisoner of war camps. The Town of Dedham supported the soldiers and their families both through appropriations raised by taxes, and through donations of supplies sent to the front lines.
The Philip Merrill Environmental Center is a Green building owned and operated by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation. Built in 2001, the Merrill Center is located in Annapolis, Maryland on the western shore of the Chesapeake Bay. The building serves as the headquarters office building for the CBF, but is also available to rent for business and social occasions.
The center is named for Philip Merrill, an American diplomat, publisher, banker, and philanthropist. The building was the first to receive the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) "Platinum" rating from the United States Green Building Council. This recognition confirmed that the center was the most environmentally friendly building in the country at the time when it was built. Items used in the building include recycled materials, renewable resources, and passive and active solar power and use.


Clementine Bern-Zernik (née Bloch;
September 28, 1905 – December 31, 1996) was an Austrian lawyer and librarian.
She was born in 1905 in Vienna, Austria.
Her father, Max Bloch (b. 1876), who had been an officer in the Austrian-Hungarian Army, worked as a tax consultant and later became a civil servant in the Taxes and Fees Department of the Ministry of Finance. Her mother, Olga (née Bermann), was born in 1879. She had one sister, Erna Safich, who died in 1974.
She obtained her Juris Doctor in 1930 and began a seven-year training requirement at a juvenile court in order to become an attorney. It was during her training that Bloch discovered an interest in criminal law, and she thereby became a prosecutor. Her time as a lawyer was short-lived, however, as she was forbidden to practice law due to her Jewish ancestry beginning on July 15, 1938. That same year, she married architect Oskar Bern. They subsequently immigrated to New York City where Bern-Zernik found a translating job for a newspaper. 
In 1941, Bern-Zernik later earned her M.A. in Latin and German from the Teachers College, Columbia University. However, due to being Jewish and not being an American citizen, she found few prospects as an educator. From 1944-1946, Bern-Zernik became a naturalized citizen and began working various jobs with the Office of War Information, American Broadcasting Service in Europe, and as a director for a Displaced Person Camp in Germany. By 1948, she returned to New York and served as a librarian at the United Nations. During her time a librarian, she was a liaison between the United Nations and New York Public Library. During that same year, she married her second husband Herbert Zernik. In 1954, she earned an M.A. in library science at Columbia University. 
Bern-Zernik passed away on December 31, 1996, aged 91, in Queens, New York.
Dingwall in Ross-shire was a burgh constituency that elected one commissioner to the Parliament of Scotland and to the Convention of Estates. After the Acts of Union 1707, The Parliamentary Burgh of Dingwall remained, but together with Dornoch, Kirkwall, Tain and Wick formed a District of Burghs to form the Tain district of burghs, returning one member between them to the House of Commons of Great Britain.
Gmina Mucharz is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the village of Mucharz, which lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Wadowice and 39 km (24 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The gmina covers an area of 37.32 square kilometres (14.4 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 3,878.
This list of earthquakes in Azerbaijan, is a list of notable earthquakes that have affected areas within the current boundaries of Azerbaijan.
Major League Baseball on the radio has been a tradition for over 100 years, and still exists today. Baseball was one of the first sports to be broadcast in the United States. Every team in Major League Baseball has a flagship station, and baseball is also broadcast on national radio.


C (pronounced  – like the letter c) is a general-purpose programming language. It was created in the 1970s by Dennis Ritchie and remains very widely used and influential. By design, C's features cleanly reflect the capabilities of the targeted CPUs. It has found lasting use in operating systems code (especially in kernels), device drivers, and protocol stacks, but its use in application software has been decreasing. C is commonly used on computer architectures that range from the largest supercomputers to the smallest microcontrollers and embedded systems.
A successor to the programming language B, C was originally developed at Bell Labs by Ritchie between 1972 and 1973 to construct utilities running on Unix. It was applied to re-implementing the kernel of the Unix operating system. During the 1980s, C gradually gained popularity. It has become one of the most widely used programming languages, with C compilers available for practically all modern computer architectures and operating systems. The book The C Programming Language, co-authored by the original language designer, served for many years as the de facto standard for the language. C has been standardized since 1989 by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) and, subsequently, jointly by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC).
C is an imperative procedural language, supporting structured programming, lexical variable scope, and recursion, with a static type system. It was designed to be compiled to provide low-level access to memory and language constructs that map efficiently to machine instructions, all with minimal runtime support. Despite its low-level capabilities, the language was designed to encourage cross-platform programming. A standards-compliant C program written with portability in mind can be compiled for a wide variety of computer platforms and operating systems with few changes to its source code.
Since 2000, C has consistently ranked among the top four languages in the TIOBE index, a measure of the popularity of programming languages.


Bicycles & Tricycles is the sixth studio album by English electronic music group the Orb, released on 3 May 2004 by Cooking Vinyl. It brought together the group's style of the early 1990s with current electronic music, with its most prevalent influences being drum and bass and trip hop.
Bicycles & Tricycles received mixed reactions from critics. The Daily Telegraph praises it as being "inclusive, exploratory, and an enjoyable journey", but many other publications dismissed it as "stoner dub" and deemed it largely irrelevant to contemporary electronic music culture. NME scored the album a lowly 3/10, calling it "more of the same from an act who have been ploughing the same furrow for so long they'll be reaching the Earth's core soon".
To promote the album, the Orb began a UK tour with Mad Professor, who had remixed their work in the past. Though the Orb still pulled in large crowds, The Guardian described one London performance as "joyless" and stated that few of the new tracks "really go anywhere".
Gabriel Jordan Gross (born October 21, 1979) is an American former professional baseball outfielder who is currently the hitting coach for the Auburn Tigers.
His father, Lee Gross, was center for the Auburn Tigers and in the NFL.  His brother, Bo Gross, played football for Texas Christian University.
Shooting, for the 2013 Island Games, took place at the Warwick Camp, the Finger, and Cooper's Island, Bermuda. Competition took place from 14 to 19 July 2013.
Vera Violetta was an operetta including a  libretto by Louis Stein and music by Edmund Eysler, additional music by George M. Cohan, Jean Schwartz and Louis A. Hirsch. Set in Paris, the work is about the flirtatious wife of a professor.  Vera Violetta was the name both of her Roger & Gallet perfume and a waltz which celebrated it.
This was adapted by Harold Atteridge and Leonard Liebling for Shuberts' Winter Garden Theatre on Broadway.  A variety of star turns were added including "The Gaby Glide" for celebrated dancer Gaby Deslys and her partner Harry Pilcer; and "Ta-Ra-Ra-Boom-Der-E" for José Collins – the song which had been popularised by her mother, Lottie Collins.  Al Jolson had a supporting role as a blackface waiter but stole the show with his performances of "Rum-Tum-Tiddle" and "That Haunting Melody" which had regular encores.  Another rising star who appeared in the show was the young Mae West. The production was directed by William J. Wilson.
The programme was preceded by some vaudeville and then closed with Undine – a special performance by swimmer Annette Kellerman.  The show opened on 20 November 1911 and ran for 112 performances.
Laccobius agilis is a species of water scavenger beetle in the family Hydrophilidae. It is found in North America.
Hale's Ales was a brewery in Seattle, Washington, USA, founded in 1983.
Hailey is a surname, and may refer to:

Arthur Hailey, British/Canadian novelist
Ashawna Hailey (1949–2011), a creator of the HSPICE program
Cedric Hailey known as K-Ci, R&B singer
Charles Hailey, American astrophysicist
Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey, American journalist and playwright
Evelyn Momsen Hailey (1921–2011), Virginia State Senator
Henry Hailey (1851–1932), English cricketer
Homer Hailey, American preacher
Joel Hailey, R&B singer, member of K-Ci & JoJo
John Hailey, Congressional delegate from the Idaho Territory of the United States
Joshua Hailey, an American privateer during the War of 1812
Ken Hailey (born 1961), Canadian Football player
Kendall Hailey, published autodidact
Leisha Hailey, American actress
Louis Hailey (1926–2019), Australian field hockey player
Malcolm Hailey, 1st Baron Hailey (1872–1969), British peer and administrator in British India
Nnenya Hailey (born 1994), American hurdler
Oliver Hailey (1932-1993), American playwright
O. E. Hailey, American politician from Idaho
Robert Hailey (born 1951), English cricketer
Thomas G. Hailey, American jurist
The Women's scratch was held on 17 October 2014.
Pericles Fouro da Silva (born 26 October 1989) is a Brazilian male artistic gymnast and part of the national team. He participated at the 2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Glasgow.
In media studies, mass communication, media psychology, communication theory, and sociology, media influence and the media effect are topics relating to mass media and media culture's effects on individuals' or audiences' thoughts, attitudes, and behaviors. Through written, televised, or spoken channels, mass media reach large audiences. Mass media's role in shaping modern culture is a central issue for the study of culture.
Media influence is the actual force exerted by a media message, resulting in either a change or reinforcement in audience or individual beliefs. Whether a media message has an effect on any of its audience members is contingent on many factors, including audience demographics and psychological characteristics. These effects can be positive or negative, abrupt or gradual, short-term or long-lasting. Not all effects result in change; some media messages reinforce an existing belief. Researchers examine an audience after media exposure for changes in cognition, belief systems, and attitudes, as well as emotional, physiological and behavioral effects.
The influences of mass media (or 'media effects') are observed in various aspects of human life, from voting behaviors to perceptions of violence, from evaluations of scientists to our understanding of others' opinions. The overall influence of mass media has changed drastically over the years, and will continue to do so as the media itself develops. In the new media environment, we have dual identities - consumers and creators. We not only obtain information through new media, but also disseminate information to wide audiences.
Further, the influence of the media on the psychosocial development of children is profound. Thus, it is important for physicians to discuss with parents their child's exposure to media and to provide guidance on age-appropriate use of any media, including television, radio, music, video games and the Internet.
There are several scholarly studies which addresses media and its effects. Bryant and Zillmann defined media effects as "the social, cultural, and psychological impact of communicating via the mass media". Perse stated that media effects researchers study "how to control, enhance, or mitigate the impact of the mass media on individuals and society". Lang stated media effects researchers study "what types of content, in what type of medium, affect which people, in what situations". McLuhan points out in his media ecology theory that "The medium is the message."
Oklahoma City University (OCU) is a private university historically affiliated with the United Methodist Church and located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The university offers undergraduate bachelor's degrees, graduate master's degrees and doctoral degrees, and is organized into eight colleges and schools and one Methodist seminary. More than 70 undergraduate majors are offered, as well as 20 graduate degrees, including a JD, MBA, MFA, and PhD in Nursing. An Adult Studies Program for working adults offers a Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree. The university has approximately 3,000 students, including 1,200 graduate students. The official school and athletic colors are blue and white.


Carburetor Dung is a Malaysian punk rock band formed in 1991 in Kuala Lumpur. Formed by bassist Fendi as a band called Stormfish but later changed its name to Carburetor Dung when guitarist Joe Kidd joined the fold. The name came from Lester Bangs' book Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung.
Glacier retreat primarily refers to the retreat of glaciers since 1850.
It may also refer to:

Glacial retreat, a type of glacial motion
Deglaciation, the widespread retreat of glaciers at the end of an ice age
Holocene glacial retreat, a period of deglaciation occurring between 20,000 and 10,000 years ago
Michael Wornum (February 25, 1925 – June 15, 1995) was a British-American politician from California and a member of the Democratic Party. Born in London to a British father (George Grey Wornum) and an American mother (Miriam Alice Gerstle) he moved to California at a young age. He graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a bachelor's degree in architecture, followed by a master's degree  and became a U.S. citizen in 1951. 


The National Film and Television School (NFTS) was established in 1971 and is based at Beaconsfield Studios in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, and it is located close to Pinewood Studios.


Paddy Tunney (28 January 1921 – 7 December 2002) was an Irish traditional singer, poet, writer, raconteur, lilter and songwriter. He was affectionately known as the Man of Songs.
Ludwik Fritsche (17 August 1872 – 4 September 1940) was a Polish film actor. He appeared in more than 25 films between 1922 and 1940.
"This Charming Man" is a 1983 song by the Smiths.
This Charming Man may also refer to:

This Charming Man (film), 2002 Danish short film
This Charming Man (novel), 2008 novel by Marian Keyes
Brian Fallon § This Charming Man, a 2004–2005 band
"This Charming Man", an episode of Degrassi: The Next Generation (season 3), a teen drama TV series
Petrophila zelota is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1914. It is found in Panama.
Louis François Auguste Cauchois-Lemaire (August 28, 1789, in Paris – August 9, 1861, in Paris) was a French journalist.
List of Philippine Super Liga awards for indoor volleyball.
Kuskulana River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located in the Wrangell–St. Elias National Park and Preserve.
The pin tumbler lock, also known as the Yale lock after the inventor of the modern version, is a lock mechanism that uses pins of varying lengths to prevent the lock from opening without the correct key.
Pin tumblers are most commonly employed in cylinder locks, but may also be found in tubular pin tumbler locks (also known as radial locks or ace locks).


A device fingerprint or machine fingerprint is information collected about the software and hardware of a remote computing device for the purpose of identification. The information is usually assimilated into a brief identifier using a fingerprinting algorithm. A browser fingerprint is information collected specifically by interaction with the web browser of the device.: 1 
Device fingerprints can be used to fully or partially identify individual devices even when persistent cookies (and zombie cookies) cannot be read or stored in the browser, the client IP address is hidden, or one switches to another browser on the same device.
This may allow a service provider to detect and prevent identity theft and credit card fraud,: 299  but also to compile long-term records of individuals' browsing histories (and deliver targeted advertising: 821 : 9  or targeted exploits: 8 : 547 ) even when they are attempting to avoid tracking – raising a major concern for internet privacy advocates.
Julie Anne Peñaflorida San Jose (born May 17, 1994) is a Filipino singer and actress. She rose to prominence after competing in the reality singing competition Popstar Kids in 2005.
San Jose is one of the best-selling recording artists of the 2010s decade in the Philippines. She is the youngest recipient of the Diamond Record Award from the Philippine Association of the Record Industry for her album Julie Anne San Jose, selling 150,000 copies in the country. Among her many accolades includes 2 FAMAS Award, 5 Awit Awards, 3 Myx Music Awards, 4 PMPC Star Awards For Music and was inducted at the Philippine Walk of Fame at Eastwood City in 2015.
She gained prominence with many GMA primetime and daytime dramas boosting her career as an actress. The singer starred in Kahit Nasaan Ka Man in 2013, My Guitar Princess in 2018, and Heartful Café in 2021 under GMA Network. She won acting credits with ensemble soaps such as Buena Familia in 2015–2016 and a remake of the film Pinulot Ka Lang sa Lupa in 2017. She achieved further acclaim as an actress in the primetime soap Maria Clara at Ibarra, a drama series inspired of the Filipino novel written by Jose Rizal's Noli Me Tángere where she played the character of the demure, Maria Clara.
Five Enough (Korean: 아이가 다섯; RR: A-iga daseot; lit. Five Children) is a 2016 South Korean television series starring Ahn Jae-wook, So Yoo-jin, Shim Hyung-tak, Shim Yi-young, Im Soo-hyang, Shin Hye-sun, Sung Hoon and Ahn Woo-yeon. It aired on KBS2 from February 20 to August 21, 2016, for 54 episodes.
Nemo Agodi (10 January 1888 – 20 January 1940) was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics. In 1908 he finished sixth with the Italian team in the team competition.
Urban Legend is a 1998 slasher film directed by Jamie Blanks, written by Silvio Horta, and starring Jared Leto, Alicia Witt, Rebecca Gayheart, Tara Reid, and Michael Rosenbaum, and is the first installment in the Urban Legend film series. Its plot focuses on a series of murders on the campus of a private New England university, all of which appear to be modeled after popular urban legends. In addition to its younger cast, the film features supporting performances from Robert Englund, Loretta Devine, John Neville, and Brad Dourif.
Filmed in Toronto in the spring of 1998, Urban Legend was released in the United States on September 25, 1998. It was a commercial success, grossing $72.5 million worldwide on a budget of $14 million, but received generally negative reviews from critics, with chief criticisms being that the film was a blatant rip-off of Scream (1996). The film has been credited by both cinema and folklore scholars as being one of the first major films to redistribute the urban legends and folklore depicted within it to the public.
It was followed by two sequels: Urban Legends: Final Cut, which was released theatrically in 2000, and the direct-to-video film Urban Legends: Bloody Mary in 2005. In February 2020, a reboot of the film was announced to be in development, but it was later canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the studio losing interest.


Cedi Osman (Turkish pronunciation: [ˈdʒedi ˈosman]; born 8 April 1995) is a Turkish professional basketball player for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basketball League (GBL) and the EuroLeague. He was drafted with the 31st pick in the 2015 NBA draft and played for the Cleveland Cavaliers and the San Antonio Spurs over the span of seven seasons. He plays at the small forward position.


Lanans (French pronunciation: [lanɑ̃]) is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Henry Percy, 8th Earl of Northumberland, 2nd Baron Percy (1532 – 21 June 1585) was an English nobleman and conspirator.
Argo Navis (the Ship Argo), or simply Argo, is one of Ptolemy's 48 constellations, now a grouping of three IAU constellations. It is formerly a single large constellation in the southern sky. The genitive is "Argus Navis", abbreviated "Arg". Flamsteed and other early modern astronomers called it Navis (the Ship), genitive "Navis", abbreviated "Nav".
The constellation proved to be of unwieldy size, as it was 28% larger than the next largest constellation and had more than 160 easily visible stars. The 1755 catalogue of Nicolas Louis de Lacaille divided it into the three modern constellations that occupy much of the same area: Carina (the keel), Puppis (the poop deck or stern), and Vela (the sails).
Argo derived from the ship Argo in Greek mythology, sailed by Jason and the Argonauts to Colchis in search of the Golden Fleece. Some stars of Puppis and Vela can be seen from Mediterranean latitudes in winter and spring, the ship appearing to  skim along the "river of the Milky Way." The precession of the equinoxes has caused the position of the stars from Earth's viewpoint to shift southward. Though most of the constellation was visible in Classical times, the constellation is now not easily visible from most of the northern hemisphere. All the stars of Argo Navis are easily visible from the tropics southward and pass near zenith from southern temperate latitudes.  The brightest of these is Canopus (α Carinae), the second-brightest night-time star, now assigned to Carina.
The Estonian Film Foundation (until 2013; Estonian: Eesti Filmi Sihtasutus, also (since 2013) Estonian Film Institute (Estonian: Eesti Filmi Instituut)) is Estonia's public film funding organization financed from the state budget of the Republic of Estonia. Founded in 1997 by the Estonian Ministry of Culture, the foundation finances and promotes film productions where at least one of the participating producers is an independent Estonian production company. It establishes and develops international film contacts and supports the training of Estonian filmmakers and maintains the Estonian film database EFIS.
The growing activity is to make Estonian film heritage available through the film environment and streaming platform Arkaader and to develop and promote the language of the 21st century, i.e. film competence
Estonia is a member of European Film Promotion, Media Plus, European Audiovisual Observatory, and Eurimages.
On 29 April 2022, the Estonian government announced that it raised Film Estonia’s 2022 cash-rebate budget from €2 million to €5.4 million with a net impact on the local economy of at least €8 million.
The Deadliest Disease in America is a 2010 documentary film directed and produced by Crystal R. Emery. The film features commentary from medical and public health experts including Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith, Dr. Camara Jones, Dr. Harlan Krumholz and Dr. Amelie G. Ramirez. This documentary reveals the history of racism in American healthcare and brutal scientific experiments done by using African slaves. It also explained the Black and Brown inequalities and biases continue to plague.
The film was shot in New Haven, Connecticut, USA. It took ten years to complete. The film made its premier on 27 January 2010. The film received positive reviews from critics. The film was again screened at New York City’s Cinema Village on September 10 and running through September 16, 2021.
Johannes Phumani Phungula (15 March 1932 – 9 August 2009) was a South African politician and former anti-apartheid activist who represented the African National Congress (ANC) in the National Assembly from 2004 to 2009. A veteran of the Defiance Campaign, he joined the ANC in 1952 and spent several decades as an underground operative for Umkhonto we Sizwe in rural Natal, working closely with Jacob Zuma. He was awarded the Order of Luthuli in Gold posthumously in December 2009.
The Danvers State Hospital, also known as the State Lunatic Hospital at Danvers, The Danvers Lunatic Asylum, and The Danvers State Insane Asylum, was a psychiatric hospital located in Danvers, Massachusetts. It was built in 1874, and opened in 1878, under the supervision of prominent Boston architect Nathaniel Jeremiah Bradlee, on an isolated site in rural Massachusetts. It was a multi-acre, self-contained psychiatric hospital designed and built according to the Kirkbride Plan.
Despite being included in the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, the majority of the building was demolished in 2007.
The Invasion of the Cape Colony, also known as the Battle of Muizenberg (Dutch: Slag om Muizenberg), was a British military expedition launched in 1795 against the Dutch Cape Colony at the Cape of Good Hope. The Dutch colony at the Cape, established and controlled by the United East India Company in the seventeenth century, was at the time the only viable South African port for ships making the journey from Europe to the European colonies in the East Indies. It therefore held vital strategic importance, although it was otherwise economically insignificant. In the winter of 1794, during the French Revolutionary Wars, French troops entered the Dutch Republic, which was reformed into the Batavian Republic. 
In response, Great Britain launched operations against the Dutch Empire to use its facilities against the French Navy. The British expedition was led by Vice-Admiral Sir George Keith Elphinstone and sailed in April 1795, arriving off Simon's Town at the Cape in June. Attempts were made to negotiate a settlement with the colony, but talks achieved nothing and an amphibious landing was made on 7 August. A short battle was fought at Muizenberg, and skirmishing between British and Dutch forces continued until September when a larger military force landed. With Cape Town under threat, Dutch governor, Abraham Josias Sluysken, surrendered the colony. 
Elphinstone subsequently strengthened the garrison against counterattack and stationed a Royal Navy squadron off the port. Almost a year later a Dutch reinforcement convoy reached the colony only to find that it was badly outnumbered, and surrendered without a fight. The British occupation continued until the Peace of Amiens in 1802 when it was returned to the Dutch. In 1806, during the Napoleonic Wars, a second British invasion reoccupied the colony after the Battle of Blaauwberg and it remained a British colony until the establishment of the Union of South Africa in 1910.
The Dartmouth Passenger Ferry, also known as the Dartmouth Steam Railway and Riverboat Company, is a passenger ferry that crosses the River Dart in the English county of Devon. It is one of three ferries that cross the tidal river from Dartmouth to Kingswear, the others being the Higher Ferry and the Lower Ferry. The 630-mile (1,010 km) long South West Coast Path crosses the Dart on either the Lower or Passenger ferries.
The passenger ferry is operated by Dart Pleasure Craft Limited, which is owned by Dart Valley Railway plc, the owner of the Heritage Dartmouth Steam Railway. The ferry connects the Dartmouth water front to the steam railway's terminus at Kingswear railway station. At one time adjacent to the Dartmouth landing of the ferry was the unique "Dartmouth railway station", but this has been converted into a restaurant and the ferry now shares an adjacent landing stage with cruise boats also operated by Dart Pleasure Craft.
Emmanouil "Manos" Chatzidakis (alternate spelling: Manos, Manolis, Hatzidakis, Hadjidakis) (Greek: Εμμανουήλ "Μάνος" Χατζηδάκης; born April 21, 2000) is a Greek professional basketball player for Aris of the Greek Basket League and the EuroCup. He is a 2.08 m (6 ft 10½ in) tall center.
Cornish heraldry is the form of coats of arms and other heraldic bearings and insignia used in Cornwall, United Kingdom. While similar to English, Scottish and Welsh heraldry, Cornish heraldry has its own distinctive features. Cornish heraldry typically makes use of the tinctures sable (black) and or (gold), and also uses certain creatures like Cornish choughs. It also uses the Cornish language extensively for mottoes and canting arms.
The Dalian Metro is a rapid transit system serving Dalian City, Liaoning Province, China.
Sir Ernest Ashley Bramall (6 January 1916 – 10 February 1999) was a British Labour Party politician, Member of Parliament for Bexley from 1946 to 1950 and Leader of the Inner London Education Authority (ILEA) for 11 years. He married twice - his first wife, Margaret, led the National Council for One Parent Families and looked after their two children.
Joachim Hellgrewe (31 December 1887 – 30 March 1956) was a German painter. His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Leone Sinigaglia  (14 August 1868 – 16 May 1944) was an Italian composer and mountaineer.


Futbol Club Barcelona Juvenil are the under-19 team of Spanish professional football club Barcelona and the final stage of progression in the club's youth academy commonly referred to as La Masia. The Juvenil team play in the Group III of the División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol where their main rivals are Damm, Espanyol, and Mallorca. 
They also participate in the national Copa de Campeones Juvenil and the Copa del Rey Juvenil, qualification for which is dependent on final league group position, and have taken part in the continental UEFA Youth League which they won in 2014 and 2018.


Dark Harvest is a 2016 Canadian thriller film written and directed by James Hutson as his directorial debut. The film stars Cheech Marin in his first marijuana film in 33 years.  After success on the festival circuit, the film gained a distribution deal for 2018.
Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz (Persian: امامزاده عبدالعزيز) is a village in, and the capital of, Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District of the Central District of Harand County, Isfahan province, Iran.
The term ashtakam (Sanskrit: अष्टकम् aṣṭakam), also often written astakam, is derived from the Sanskrit word aṣṭā, meaning "eight". In context of poetic compositions, 'ashtakam' refers to a particular form of poetry, written in eight stanzas.
Maula Kalika (Nepali: मौलाकालिका मन्दिर, pronounced [ˈmʌu̯la kalika]) is a famous Hindu temple of Goddess Kalika in Gaindakot town of Nawalpur district in Gandaki province of Nepal. Located on the top of the Mauladada or Maula hill on the north of Narayani River (also called Gandaki River) in Gaindakot, Maula Kalika temple is situated 561 metres (1,841 ft) above sea level.
America Give Up is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Howler. The album was released on January 16, 2012, by Rough Trade Records.
On NME's top 50 albums of 2012, America Give Up was listed at #20.
Rosetta Jane "Rose" Birks (1856–1911) was a social reformer and philanthropist who played a key role in South Australian women's suffrage.
Birks née Thomas was born in Adelaide, South Australia on 12 March 1856 to English-born parents William Kyffin Thomas, proprietor of the Observer and Register newspapers, and his wife Mary Jane Thomas, née Good. Known to her family as Rose, Birks was heavily involved in the Flinders Street Baptist Church in Adelaide that her father helped establish.
In 1879 Birks married her sister's widower, wealthy Baptist merchant Charles Napier Birks and became the stepmother to her six nieces and nephews.  The Birks family would later establish the Charles Birks & Co department store in Rundle Street, Adelaide.
The Bardenas Reales (sometimes referred as Bárdenas Reales) is a semi-desert natural region, or badlands, of some 42,000 hectares (420 km2; 104,000 acres) in southeast Navarre (Spain). The soils are made up of clay, chalk, and sandstone and have been eroded by water and wind creating surprising shapes, canyons, plateaus, tabular structures, and isolated hills, called cabezos. Bardenas Reales lacks urban areas, vegetation is scarce and the many streams that cross the territory have a markedly seasonal flow, staying dry most of the year. 


The Saguenay flood (French: Déluge du Saguenay) was a series of flash floods on July 19 and 20, 1996 that hit the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region of Quebec, Canada. It was the biggest overland flood in 20th-century Canadian history.
Langlois or L'Anglois is a surname of French origin. Notable people with the surname include:

Aimé Langlois (1880–1954), Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons
Al Langlois (1934–2020), Canadian ice hockey player
Alexandre Langlois (1788–1854), French Indologist and translator
Anabelle Langlois (born 1981), Canadian pairs figure skater
Bruno Langlois (born 1979), Canadian racing cyclist
Charles Langlois (actor) (1692–1762), French actor who spent a large part of his career in Sweden
Charles Langlois (politician) (born 1938), member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993
Charles-Victor Langlois (1863–1929) French historian and paleographer who taught at the Sorbonne
Charlie Langlois (1894–1965), Canadian professional hockey player
Chibly Langlois (born 1958), Haitian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church
Christian Langlois (born 1963), Film director from Montreal, Canada
Daniel Langlois, Canadian media company founder and philanthropist
Denis Langlois (born 1968), French race walker
Ernest Langlois (1857–1924), French medievalist, professor at the University of Lille
Espérance Langlois (1805–1864), French painter and printmaker
Esther Langlois (1571–1624), Scottish miniaturist, embroiderer, calligrapher, translator and writer
Étienne, stage name of Steven Langlois (born 1971), Warner Music Canada recording artist
Eustache-Hyacinthe Langlois (3 August 1777 – 29 September 1837), French painter, draftsman, engraver and writer
François Langlois (born 1948), Canadian politician and lawyer
François L’Anglois (1589–1647) a French painter, engraver, printer, bookseller, publisher and art dealer
Godfroy Langlois (1866–1928), politician, journalist and lawyer in Quebec
Henri Langlois (1914–1977), pioneer of film preservation and restoration
Henri Delisle Langlois, Canadian drag queen
Hippolyte Langlois (1839–1912), French general and writer on military science
Jean François Langlois (1808–?), New Zealand whaler and coloniser
Jean Langlois (1824–1886), Quebec lawyer, professor, and political figure
Jean-Charles Langlois (1789–1870), French soldier and painter
Joseph Langlois (1909–1964), Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons
Joseph-Alphonse Langlois (1860–1927), politician Quebec, Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA)
Léopold Langlois (1913–1996), Canadian lawyer and parliamentarian
Lisa Langlois (born 1959), Canadian actress
Lloyd Langlois (born 1962), Canadian freestyle skier
Pascal Langlois, English actor, played supporting roles in television dramas since 1999
Paul Langlois (born 1964), Canadian guitarist
Paul Langlois (Canadian politician) (1926–2012), Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons
Philippe Langlois (1817–1884), Norman language writer in Jèrriais
Pierre Langlois (canoer) (born 1958), French sprint canoeist who competed in the early 1980s
Pierre Langlois (economist), Canadian economist and political strategist
Pierre Langlois (politician) (1750–1830), merchant and political figure in Lower Canada
Polyclès Langlois (29 September 1814 – 30 November 1872), French writer, cartoonist and painter
Raymond Langlois (1936–1996), Ralliement créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons
Richard Normand Langlois (born 1952), American economist and currently professor
Stephen Langlois, Chicago area chef and author of Prairie: Cuisine from the Heartland (1991)
Thomas Langlois Lefroy (1776–1869), Irish-Huguenot politician and judge
Yves Langlois (born 1947), member of terrorist group Front de libération du Québec
669 Kypria is a minor planet orbiting the Sun that was discovered by German astronomer August Kopff on August 20, 1908.
This is a member of the dynamic Eos family of asteroids that most likely formed as the result of a collisional breakup of a parent body.
Ingrid Washinawatok El-Issa (also known as O'Peqtaw-Metamoh and Flying Eagle Woman) (July 31, 1957 – c. February 25, 1999) was a member of the Menominee Nation of upper Wisconsin. She was murdered by FARC guerrillas in Colombia. At the time of her death she was forty-one years old, the wife of Ali El-Issa, a Palestinian, and the mother of her 14-year-old son, Maehkiwkasic (meaning "Red Sky").
Víctor Hugo Ávalos Acosta (6 November 1971 – 2 April 2009) was a Paraguayan footballer most remembered for his spells at Quilmes, Independiente Medellín and in Chilean football. Mainly a central midfielder who could also operate as an attacking playmaker, he died in 2009 from a heart attack during an amateur football game.
The 2007 K League Championship was the eleventh competition of the K League Championship, and was held to decide the 25th champions of the K League. The top six clubs of the regular season qualified for the championship. The winners of the regular season directly qualified for the final, and second place team qualified for the semi-final. The other four clubs entered the first round, and the winners of the second round advanced to the semi-final. Each match was played as a single match, excluding the final which consisted of two matches.
Distributed social network projects generally develop software, protocols, or both.


Joannes Busaeus or Johannes Busius (1547–1611), also known as Jan Buys (Dutch) and Jean Busée (French), was a Catholic theologian from the Habsburg Netherlands who wrote in defence of the introduction of the Gregorian calendar in Germany, and produced the first printed edition of the Liber Pontificalis.
Sam Werner (born December 3, 1995) is a former American soccer player who previously played for Sacramento Republic FC in the USL Championship.
The 1973 Fidelity Tournament – Doubles was an event of the 1973 Fidelity Tournament men's tennis tournament played at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, Virginia in the United States from January 30 through February 4, 1973. The draw comprised 16 teams and four of them were seeded. Tom Okker and Marty Riessen were the defending doubles champions but did not compete in this edition. First-seeded Roy Emerson and Rod Laver won the doubles title, defeating the second-seeded team of Terry Addison and Colin Dibley in the final, 3–6, 6–3, 6–4.
Leonardo Paul Alishan (1951–2005) was an Armenian-Iranian writer, scholar, and translator. He was a professor of Persian and Comparative Literature at the University of Utah from 1978-1997. His published works include three collections of poetry, a book of short stories, and many scholarly articles. His translations included works by Nima Yushij, Mehdi Akhavan-Sales, Jalal Al-e Ahmad, and Ahmad Shamlu who dedicated one of his poems to Alishan. He was a member of the Armenian Catholic Church
The HS postcode area, also known as the Outer Hebrides postcode area, is a group of nine postcode districts, within eight post towns, covering the Outer Hebrides in Scotland. 
It is the UK's newest postcode area, the Outer Hebrides formerly being part of the PA postcode area (forming PA80 - PA87 until January 1995).
Sammy Going South (retitled A Boy Ten Feet Tall for its later US release) is a 1963 British adventure film directed by Alexander Mackendrick, photographed by Erwin Hillier and starring Edward G. Robinson, Fergus McClelland and Constance Cummings.
Sammy Going South was based on a 1961 novel by W. H. Canaway and adapted for the screen by Denis Cannan. It was produced by Michael Balcon Productions and Bryanston Films. The film had a difficult production period; Robinson suffered a heart attack and some cast members were bitten by snakes. It was first broadcast on British television on BBC2 on Christmas Day 1970 and on American television by the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in 1971.


Label 73 was a subsidiary of TIME, specializing in dance and house music and was founded by Giacomo Maiolini in mid-2004.
After being inaugurated, the Italian label held the single "Sorry Marin": first release of Label 73, but the last song solo-Magic Box
Rossano Prini left the label Spy Records to work with A&R in Label 73, after a proposal made by Maiolini.
Magic Box, DJ Ross and Double You was the artists who participated in Label 73.
Among eight entries of Label 73: six were on LP and CD in just two, and distribute music from foreign artists such as Beats And Styles and EliZe.
In 2006, the song "Beat Goes On", DJ Ross & Double You, was the last release of Label 73, to the record company had closed its doors the same year.
Taractrocera ilia, the northern grass-dart or rock grass-dart, is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Irian Jaya, Australia's Northern Territory (Darwin and Melville Island) and Papua New Guinea (Morobe, Madang, East Sepik and Western Highlands).
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
Matthias Alleyn (died 9 April 1642) was a 17th-century London gentleman and the second Master of the College of God's Gift.
Khatme Nabuwat Andolon Bangladesh (KNAB) Islamic extremist organization that has positioned itself as an Anti-Ahmadiyya group in Bangladesh. They have campaigned for to seize Ahmadiyya mosques and have the Government of Bangladesh declare Ahmadiyya non-Muslims. They have attacked the homes and mosques of the Ahmadiyya community in Bangladesh. The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom described them as "a group of anti-Ahmadi Islamic clerics" International Religious Freedom Report in 2005.
Yonis Abdirizak Farah (Somali: Yonis Cabdirisaaq Faarax; born 4 September 1999) is a professional footballer who plays as a left back for Isthmian League South Central Division club Kingstonian. Born in England, he represents the Somalia national team.
Eric Newman is an American film and television producer and writer and the founder of Grand Electric, an LA-based production company with overall deals in both TV and film with Netflix. He is the showrunner of Narcos, Narcos: Mexico, True Story, and the upcoming Zero Day.
Christian Streile (27 November 1838 - 4 December 1886) was a private in the United States Army who was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the American Civil War. He was awarded the medal on 3 May 1865 for actions performed during the Battle of Sailor's Creek in Virginia.
Uta Fritze-von Alvensleben is a German astrophysicist awarded the German Physical Society's Hertha-Sponer prize in 2003 for her work on the evolution of galaxies.
This article lists the squads for the 1955 Thomas Cup participating teams. The age listed for each player is on 24 May 1955 which was the first day of the tournament.
The Beacon Way is a long-distance walk of around 40 kilometres (25 mi) through the West Midlands county and Staffordshire, in the Midlands of England. It takes its name from Barr Beacon, a hill to the east of Walsall, and one of the highest points in the West Midlands. The Beacon Way starts at Sandwell Park Farm in Sandwell Valley Country Park and extends as far as Gentleshaw Common where it connects with the Heart of England Way.
The Ferguson Rifle (1973) is a novel set in early 19th-century America, written by Louis L'Amour.
Bacterial vaginosis is caused by an imbalance of the naturally occurring bacteria in the vagina.  The normally predominant species of Lactobacilli are markedly reduced. This is the list of organisms that are found in the vagina that are associated with bacterial vaginosis, an infectious disease of the vagina caused by excessive growth of specific bacteria. The census and relationships among the microbiota are altered in BV, resulting in a complex bacterial milieu. Some species have relatively been identified recently. Having infections with the listed pathogens increases the risk of acquiring other sexually transmitted infections including HIV/AIDS.
The Fenn Street Gang is a British television sitcom which ran for three seasons between 1971 and 1973. Created by John Esmonde and Bob Larbey, it was a spin-off from their popular Please Sir! series.
Daughters of the Polo God is a 2018 Indian Meitei-English bilingual documentary film directed by Roopa Baruah and edited by Hemanti Sarkar.  It is based on the story of girls and horses empowering each other. It is about saving the endangered Meitei horse (Manipuri pony) and empowering women in the sport of polo (Meitei: Sagol Kangjei) simultaneously.
The film is about Meitei women moving forward in the male-dominated sportive society of polo sports. It also shows the development of their special relationship with their Meitei horses (Manipuri ponies). They are always trying at their best levels to be able to participate in the annual polo tournament.
The film starts with Sagol Kangjei (Old Manipuri: Sakol Kangchei), the ancient form of form of polo as a wartime peace exercise in Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur). It was a war game.  That means the sport was placed during peacetime so warriors could practice their war skills. It ended up with the present day advancements of the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association. It creates a cultural, ecological, historical and social relationship between the sport, the horses, and the ethnic groups of humans who live in that part of the world.


Luminous Power Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is an Indian company that manufactures Electric power products for home and commercial use. Its headquarters is based in Gurgaon, India. Their products include Inverter, Batteries, Solar off-grid and battery. Since July 1, 2022 Preeti Bajaj is MD and CEO of Luminous Power Technologies. Indian former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar is brand ambassador of LPT since May 2010.


Bangladesh Students' Union is a leading student organization in Bangladesh. The organization was established on 26 April 1952. It is an organisation of students that provides protection for student interests and ensures the enforcement of student rights. During the Liberation War of Bangladesh, the organization had its guerrilla force.
Austrochaperina mehelyi is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae, endemic to Papua New Guinea, known only from two localities, Adelbert Range and mountains of Huon Peninsula . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is very poorly known and was last collected in 2003 where it was abundant.
A. mehelyi was originally described as a new species Chaperina fusca by Hungarian zoologist Lajos Méhelÿ in 1901; however, that name was preoccupied by another frog species described already in 1892. A replacement for the specific name was given in 1934 by Hampton Wildman Parker.
The Therapeutics Initiative (TI) is an independent organization at the University of British Columbia (UBC) which researches the effectiveness of medications and provides education to health care providers in British Columbia about the use of medications.
Byatki (Russian: Бятки; Bashkir: Бәтке, Bätke) is a rural locality (a village) in Kakrybashevsky Selsoviet, Tuymazinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 146 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Alvin W. Patton (born September 18, 1937) is an American politician in the state of Minnesota. He served in the Minnesota House of Representatives.
Vanakkam Vathiyare (transl. Greetings teacher) is a 1991 Indian Tamil language action film directed by Ameerjan. The film stars Karthik and Saranya. It was released on 1 February 1991.
Shane Benis is an entrepreneur in Shanghai, China. He is the founder/CEO of China Sports Promotions and producer of White Collar Boxing International,  a leading event management company promoting white-collar boxing in the Asian Pacific. While born in London, Shane spent most of his childhood in Kampala, Uganda which is where his father originates from.
Forty Thieves or 40 Thieves may refer to:

the story of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves
Centennial Square is a plaza in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. It was built to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the incorporation of the City of Victoria. The Victoria Police Station, city hall and McPherson Playhouse are adjacent to the square. There is a fountain in the square.
In the summer, the city hires musicians to perform every weekday, charging no admission fee. For the British Columbia Day holiday, Centennial Square is one of the venues for the Victoria Electronic Music Festival, where musicians and DJs play for free.
In winter 2012, the Downtown Victoria Business Association temporarily set up Christmas lights, a Ferris wheel, and an ice skating rink in the square.
In 2011, Occupy Victoria protesters camped in the square until a court, at the behest of the city, ordered them to leave.
La Sonrisa is a suburb of Maldonado, Uruguay.
The Graham Avenue Line and Tompkins Avenue Line were two public transit lines in Brooklyn, New York City with the Graham Avenue Line running mainly along Graham Avenue and Manhattan Avenue and the Tompkins Avenue Line running mainly along Tompkins Avenue. The Graham Avenue line ran between Downtown Brooklyn and Greenpoint and the Tompkins Avenue Line ran between Prospect Lefferts Gardens and Williamsburg. Originally streetcar lines, they were replaced by the B47 and B62 bus routes which were then combined to form the B43 route which currently operates between Prospect Lefferts Gardens and Greenpoint. The line is dispatched from Jackie Gleason Depot in Sunset Park, Brooklyn.
Hermes, in comics, may refer to:

Hermes (Marvel Comics), a Marvel Comics character
Hermes (DC Comics), a DC Comics character connected to Captain Marvel
Hermes Conrad, a character who has appeared in Futurama Comics
Neohesperidin is a flavanone glycoside found in citrus fruits. It is the 7-O-neohesperidose derivative of hesperetin, which in turn is the 4'-methoxy derivative of eriodictyol. Neohesperidin dihydrochalcone has an intense sweet taste, and is listed as a Generally Recognized as Safe flavour enhancer by the Flavour and Extract Manufacturers' Association.
Adrián Makala (born 1975), birth name Adrian Berthram McCalla Rivera, also known as "Makala", is a Mexican actor born in Mexico City. He has appeared in the Motion picture film Of Original Sin and the telenovela Mar de Amor on Televisa and the TV series "Los Simuladores" for Sony Entertainment Television. He attended various acting schools in Mexico City.
EVE Burst Error is a 1995 visual novel adventure game developed by C's Ware, originally released as an erotic game. It was written and produced by Hiroyuki Kanno, with chiptune video game music composed by Ryu Umemoto. It is the first game in the EVE series of visual novels. The game follows a government agent and a private investigator investigating a series of bizarre cases which are later connected to one another.
Upon release, the game was positively received by critics, and gained such widespread popularity that EVE became the signature franchise of C’s Ware.
A remake, titled EVE Burst Error R, was released for the PlayStation Vita in 2016 and later ported to the Nintendo Switch in 2018.
"Bloodmoney" (stylized in all caps) is a song by American singer-songwriter Poppy. It was released through Sumerian Records on November 6, 2019, alongside an official music video, and it served as the third single from her third studio album I Disagree (2020). It was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, making Poppy the first solo female artist to be nominated for the award.
The Graham River is a river in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand. It arises to the south-east of Mount McCormick and flows north, then west, then north again, and into Whatamangō Bay on the south side of Queen Charlotte Sound.
Part of the river valley was subdivided into residential sections in the 1950s. Some of the sections were built on in 2000. Because flooding occurred in the area in November 1994 and July 1998, and to a lesser extent in May 1995, the Marlborough District Council required minimum floor levels and imposed a disclaimer notice on residents.
Unexpected very heavy rain caused a flash flood on the Graham River on 17 February 2004. The rain also caused floods at Waikawa and Picton. Residential land was covered by deep and fast-flowing water. This was estimated to be a once-in-200-years event. Another flood occurred in 2005. The council agreed to remove gravel from the upper reaches of the river, because the gravel had been swept downriver during flooding and would reduce the river channel capacity.
Year 206 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Philo and Metellus (or, less frequently, year 548 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 206 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Blake Austin Barnett (born December 24, 1995) is a former American football quarterback for the South Florida Bulls football team. He previously played college football for the Alabama Crimson Tide and the Arizona State Sun Devils.
Truth of the Divine is a 2021 science fiction novel by American author Lindsay Ellis, and the second novel in her Noumena series. It was published in October 2021 by St. Martin's Press.
The novel received a generally positive review from the British Science Fiction Association's John Dodd, who found the book "as compelling as the first.". Autostraddle's Amari Gaiter thought the novel "exemplifies the power of science fiction", while Booklist's Biz Hyzy wrote that Ellis's writing allows the reader to empathise with the main protagonist Cora.
Apostles of Mercy, the third book, was published on June 4, 2024, the third book out of five.
Flectonotus pygmaeus (also known as: Puerto Cabello treefrog, Spanish: ranita marsupial pigmea) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae. It is found on the Mérida Andes and Venezuelan Coastal Range in Venezuela and on adjacent eastern slopes of the northern Cordillera Oriental in Colombia.
Its natural habitat is humid pre-montane forest. It is strongly associated with bromeliads, and can survive in degraded forest if bromeliads are present.
It is threatened by deforestation, and locally, collection of bromeliads.
Georgios Savvas (Greek: Γεώργιος Σάββας) was a Greek revolutionary chieftain of the Macedonian Struggle.


Sara Hossain is a Bangladeshi lawyer. She is a barrister in the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. She is the honorary executive director of the Bangladesh Legal Aid and Services Trust (BLAST), a major legal aid provider. She has been at the forefront of advocating for women's rights in Bangladeshi courts and played a key role in drafting legal reforms to protect women. She was the plaintiff's lawyer in the landmark case of Bangladesh National Women Lawyers Association (BNWLW) v. Bangladesh, in which the Supreme Court supported the judicial practice of referring to international human rights law in the absence of domestic legislation. She is known for her role in challenging fatwa violence when a fatwa is issued to mete out punishment to women and girls. She co-edited 'Honour': Crimes, Paradigms and Violence Against Women with Lynn Welchman.
Hossain was awarded the International Women of Courage Award in 2016 by the United States Secretary of State.
René Jodoin (30 December 1920 – 22 January 2015) was an animation director and producer who founded the French-language animation studio of the National Film Board of Canada. Born in Hull, Quebec on December 30, 1920, Jodoin died in Montreal on January 22, 2015 at the age of 94.


The Inn at Honey Run is a boutique hotel in Holmes County, Ohio near Millersburg in Ohio's Amish Country. 
The hotel consists of a main building housing 25 rooms and suites and a fine-dining restaurant and lounge; 12 "honeycomb" rooms, which are built into the side of a hill on the property a short distance from the main building and have been compared to hobbit holes; and 2 cottages. All accommodate two people. The hotel is adults-only.
The site covers 56 acres and includes a mile-and-a-half walking trail that accesses ten outdoor art installations and thirty haiku. In 2019 the fossilized tooth of a woolly mammoth was found on the property by a hotel guest.
The hotel was established in 1982 by Marge Stock and Margret Schlicting. It was owned by Phil Jenkins for a time and was purchased by Jason Nies in 2009.
In 2017 Town & Country Magazine wrote that the inn's restaurant, Tarragon, was one of the most scenic in the country according to Open Table.


This is a list of acts of the Jatiya Sangsad, the national parliament of Bangladesh.
Arnold Auerbach may refer to:

Red Auerbach (Arnold Jacob Auerbach, 1917–2006), American basketball coach
Arnold M. Auerbach (1912–1998), American comedy writer
Sound Off is an album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen, recorded in 1971.
Fumifugium, or, The inconveniencie of the aer and smoak of London dissipated together with some remedies humbly proposed by J.E. esq. to His Sacred Majestie, and to the Parliament now assembled is a pamphlet published in London, 1661 (see 1661 in literature), by John Evelyn. It is one of the earliest known works on air pollution and is still considered a significant contribution to the literature on the subject over three and half centuries after its publication. The letter was specifically addressed to King Charles II of England and discussed problems with the capital's air pollution dating back to medieval times. Evelyn refers to Greek philosophers, who once believed that air was the principle of the earth and primary substance of the soul up until the time that air pollution began to cause ill health.
"We Are England" is a single released by British indie band Ricky on 12 June 2006. The song is an indie ballad which celebrates the national team in time for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, and is a charity record with profits going to the NSPCC.
The single reached Number 3 in the UK Indie Singles chart and charted on the Official Singles Chart Top 100 of the week 25 June to 1 July 2006. However, unlike Stan Boardman's "World Cup Song", the Crazy Frog's "We Are The Champions" or Sham 69's "Hurry Up England", it failed to be in the Top 40 rundown for that week, with "We Are England" charting for one week at number 54.
Baldwin of Béthune or Baldwin de Béthune (French: Baudouin de Béthune Dutch: Boudewijn van Béthune) (c. 1158–1212), a French knight from the House of Béthune in Artois and a crusader, was close companion to successive English kings and on marriage to Hawise of Aumale became Count of Aumale with extensive estates in England.
"Who's Making Love" is a song written by Stax Records staffers Homer Banks, Bettye Crutcher, Don Davis and Raymond Jackson and recorded by singer Johnnie Taylor in 1968.
Released on the Stax label in the late summer of 1968, it became Taylor's breakthrough single, reaching number one on the US Billboard R&B chart and number five on the Billboard Hot 100. It became one of the few singles Taylor would become primarily known for in the mainstream. The song featured the Stax house band, Booker T. & the M.G.'s, and Isaac Hayes (on keyboards). It was Taylor's best-selling single before the release of "Disco Lady" almost a decade later.
According to Bettye Crutcher, the lyrics were inspired by the 1920s novelty song, "Who Takes Care of the Caretaker's Daughter (While the Caretaker's Busy Taking Care)".
The 2013 Boucherville municipal election was an election that was held on the 3rd of November 2013 to elect Boucherville's mayor and eight councillors.
Jean Martel and his party's eight candidates were elected. The voter turnout was 53.4%.
The election results were made available on the website of Québec's Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing.
Helmuth Koinigg (3 November 1948 – 6 October 1974) was an Austrian racing driver who died in a crash in the 1974 United States Grand Prix, in his second Grand Prix start.


Parafossarulus spiridonovi  is a species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.
The specific name spiridonovi is apparently in honour of Croatian malacologist Spiridon Brusina.
Volume 2: Status: Ships Commander Butchered is the second extended play (EP) by American desert rock collective The Desert Sessions. Recorded in August 1997 at Rancho De La Luna, it was released by Man's Ruin Records on February 10, 1998. The album features eight credited musicians, including Josh Homme, John McBain and Ben Shepherd. It was later re-released with Volume 1: Instrumental Driving Music for Felons in 1998 as Volumes 1 & 2.
The 2015 Houston Texans season was the franchise's 14th season in the National Football League (NFL) and the second under head coach Bill O'Brien.
This season was the first since 2002 Andre Johnson was not on the opening day roster.
Houston started the season going into their bye week at 3–5, including blowout losses to the Atlanta Falcons (21–48) and against the Miami Dolphins (26–44). However, the Texans had a surge in the second half of the season, going 6–2 after the bye. The 2015 season marked the first time the Texans beat the Colts in Indianapolis, helped in part by third–string quarterback Brandon Weeden. The Texans matched their win total from the 2014 season, finishing 9–7, and gained their first division title and postseason trip since 2012, but were shutout, 30–0, at home by the Kansas City Chiefs in the Wild Card round.
The 2015 Houston Texans were featured on the HBO documentary series Hard Knocks.
Final Fantasy IX, a PlayStation role-playing game consisting of four CD-ROMs, features a cast containing various major and minor characters. Players control a maximum of four characters for combat at once, with eight main playable characters in the party and other, temporary characters.
The Wolkberg is a mountain range in Tzaneen,  Limpopo Province, South Africa. It is a northern termination and a subrange of the Drakensberg mountain range which lines up from Eastern Cape, Lesotho, Kwazulu Natal and Mpumalanga. At 2200 m (7200 ft) above sea level, it is the highest mountain range in Limpopo, together with the Iron crown mountain. Its Meteorological significance is that it brings along cold fronts and is a source of cold winters throughout the Limpopo province, the cold front gets transferred from greater Drakensberg mountains in Kwazulu Natal all the way to the Wolkberg. Without the Wolkberg, Limpopo will not experience cold winters at all .  The range extends for about 30 km (19 mi) in a NW/SE direction north of Sekhukhuneland. The nearest towns are Haenertsburg and Tzaneen.


The Rufus M. Rose House is a late Victorian, Queen Anne style house located in the SoNo district of Atlanta, Georgia.   Occupying a narrow lot on Peachtree Street, one and a half blocks south of North Avenue, the house was built in 1901 for Dr. Rufus Mathewson Rose.  The architect was Emil Charles Seiz (1873–1940), who designed many residential and commercial structures in the city, including the 1924 Massellton Apartments on Ponce de Leon Avenue.
Lost at Christmas is a 2020 British romantic comedy film. It is written and directed by Ryan Hendrick and stars Kenny Boyle, Natalie Clark, Sylvester McCoy, Sanjeev Kohli, Clare Grogan and Frazer Hines.
Juncus cooperi is a species of rush known by the common name Cooper's rush. It is native to the deserts of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows in alkaline and saline soils such as those around salt marshes and desert springs. This is a perennial herb forming large clumps of erect stems up to about 80 centimetres tall from a thick rhizome and large root network. The bases of the stems are surrounded by sparse, small leaves, which are stiff and have sharp tips. The inflorescence is a cluster of brown, pale green, or straw-colored flowers accompanied by one bract which appears as an extension of the stem.


The Jensen Ranch, at 8262 Bethel Ave. in Selma, California dates from 1903.   It was built by Christen Jensen.  It was nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, with reference number 82004980, but the listing was declined due to owner objection.  The nominated property included two contributing buildings on 30 acres (12 ha).
Hermann Georg Jacobi (11 February 1850 – 19 October 1937) was an eminent German Indologist.
The Diocese of Castabala is a titular see in Turkey.
During Late Antiquity, the Diocese of Castabala was a suffragan to Anazarbus, the metropolis of the province of Cilicia Secunda.
The names of seven of its diocesan bishops are known.  The first, Maris, is spoken of in an apocryphal letter of Saint Ignatius, with another letter addressed to him. A bishop Moyses from Catabala was present at the Council of Nicaea in 325. Theophilus, a semi-Arian and friend of Saint Basil, was sent to Rome on an embassy with two colleagues. The last, Theodorus, attended the Trullan Council in 692.
No longer a residential bishopric, Castabala is listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see.
The 2023 World Aquatics Championships, the 20th edition of the World Aquatics Championships, were held in Fukuoka, Japan, from 14 to 30 July 2023. Originally scheduled to be held in 2021 as the 19th championships, the championships were postponed until May 2022 in response to the rescheduling of the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The event was pushed back a second time to 2023 due to ongoing travel restrictions and safety measures in place in Japan. In its place, Budapest hosted the 19th Championships from 18 June to 3 July 2022, while the originally scheduled 2023 championships in Doha, Qatar, were moved to 2024.
It was the second time Fukuoka hosted the event having previously held the 9th World Aquatics Championships in 2001, with South Africa's Roland Schoeman (swimming) and Brazil-Spain's Felipe Perrone (water polo) the only two athletes to compete in both the 2001 and 2023 championships.
The championships included 2,392 athletes competing from 192 member federations. While originally listed as 195 nations competing, due to the status of their member federation with World Aquatics, athletes from both the Philippines and Kenya were required to compete under the banner 'Suspended Member Federation', while two athletes of Syria competed under the banner 'World Aquatics Refugee Team'. World Aquatics ban on athletes from Russia and Belarus remained in effect for these championships.
These championships were the first edition of the championships to be held under the new World Aquatics branding following the renaming of the Fédération Internationale de Natation (FINA) in December 2022.
St James's Church, Rudry is an historic Anglican church in the village of Rudry in the Diocese of Monmouth.
Henry Marvin "Heinie" Benkert (June 30, 1901 – July 15, 1972) was a professional American football running back who starred collegiately at Rutgers University, where he won the unofficial collegiate scoring crown as a senior, and played for four non-consecutive seasons in the National Football League (NFL), for the New York Giants, the Pottsville Maroons and the Orange/Newark Tornadoes.
The Walsh Stable is a historic building located at 1523 22nd Street, NW in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. It was designed by architect Lemuel Norris in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.


Felicia 1 is a barrio in the municipality of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 530.
Henry Warington Smyth Baden-Powell KC (3 February 1847 – 24 April 1921), known as Warington, was a British admiralty lawyer, master mariner and canoeist. He wrote a book on Sea Scouting and held positions in The Boy Scouts Association, formed by his brother, Robert Baden-Powell.
The 16th Separate Guards Spetsnaz Brigade (Russian: 16-я отдельная гвардейская бригада специального назначения) is a Spetsnaz military formation of the Russian Federation subordinate to the Spetsnaz GRU. It is garrisoned in Tambov, Tambov Oblast. Its military unit number is 54607.
On January 26, 2019, the unit was given the title of "Guards" by presidential decree.
The Men's African Qualifiers for the 1960 Summer Olympics tournament began in November 1959 and ended in April 1960.
Planes (Valencian and Spanish: [ˈplanes]) is a municipality in Spain. This hamlet lies in the Comtat region of the Spanish kingdom.
Frederick Burr Opper (January 2, 1857 – August 28, 1937) was one of the pioneers of American newspaper comic strips, best known for his comic strip Happy Hooligan. His comic characters were featured in magazine gag cartoons, covers, political cartoons and comic strips for six decades.
Born to Austrian-American German-speaking immigrants Lewis and Aurelia Burr Oppers in Madison, Ohio, Frederick was the eldest of three children. At the age of 14, he dropped out of school to work as a printer's apprentice at the local Madison Gazette, and at 16, he moved to New York City where he worked in a store and continued to draw. He studied briefly at Cooper Union, followed by a short stint as pupil and assistant to illustrator Frank Beard.
Opper's first cartoon was published in Wild Oats in 1876, followed by cartoons and illustrations in Scribner’s Monthly and St. Nicholas Magazine. He worked as illustrator at Frank Leslie's Weekly from 1877 to 1880. Opper was then hired to draw for Puck by publishers Joseph Keppler and Adolph Schwarzmann. He stayed with Puck for 18 years, drawing everything from spot illustrations to chromolithograph covers.
Opper married Nellie Barnett on May 18, 1881. They had three children, Lawrence, Anna and Sophia.
Leptopelis parvus, also known as the Kanole forest treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae. It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and is only known from the Upemba National Park (Katanga Province, southern DRC).
Microposaurus (meaning "small eyed lizard"; from Greek μικρός, "small" + ὤψ, "face" or "eye" + σαῦρος, "lizard") is an extinct genus of trematosaurid temnospondyl. Fossils are known from the Cynognathus Assemblage Zone of the Beaufort Group (part of the Karoo Supergroup) in South Africa and the Rouse Hill Siltstone of Australia that date back to the Anisian stage of the Middle Triassic. These aquatic creatures were the short snouted lineage from Trematosaurinae.
Broken Bones and Bloody Kisses is the debut EP from Canadian post-hardcore band Boys Night Out. The EP was released on August 20, 2002 through One Day Savior Recordings.
The songs "The Only Honest Lovesong", "Sketch Artist Composite", and "Victor Versus the Victim" previously appeared on the demo EP You Are My Canvas.
Hyadaphis coriandri, the coriander aphid, is a species of aphid in the family Aphididae.
Chung Yang-jin (born 6 November 1978) is a South Korean former professional tennis player.
Podule [pɔˈdulɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.


The Mobtown Players is a theater company based in Baltimore, Maryland. It has its roots in Johns Hopkins University (JHU). Its first production was in 1998, and it  founded its first permanent theater in 2003.
Revenge is the second and final solo mixtape by American rapper XXXTentacion. It was released through Empire Distribution on May 16, 2017. The mixtape features guest appearances from Ski Mask the Slump God, Kin$oul, and Killstation. It consists of eight previously released songs, that were available for streaming on XXXTentacion's SoundCloud. It was preceded by the lead single "Look at Me", which peaked at number 34 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Revenge debuted at number 76 on the Billboard 200 for the chart dated June 3, 2017, and has since peaked at number 44. It later peaked at number 28 following XXXTentacion's murder on June 18, 2018. On March 14, 2019, the mixtape was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), for sales over 500,000 units.


Claude Hudson "Butch" Trucks (May 11, 1947 – January 24, 2017) was an American drummer. He was best known as a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band, for which he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995. Trucks was born and raised in Jacksonville, Florida. 
Prior to joining the Allman Brothers, Trucks played in various groups before forming the 31st of February as a student at Florida State University in Tallahassee, Florida, in the mid-1960s. He joined the Allman Brothers Band in 1969. Their 1971 live release, At Fillmore East, represented an artistic and commercial breakthrough. The group became one of the most popular bands of the era on the strength of their live performances and several successful albums. Though the band broke up and re-formed various times, Trucks remained a constant in their 45-year career.  Trucks died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound on January 24, 2017.
In computer networking, multiple-channel architecture (MCA) is the design of a wireless network in such a way that the client sees multiple points of access to the wireless network. MCA allows wireless clients to choose which access points (APs) to communicate with for access to the network, in contrast to single-channel architecture, which gives more control to the centralized network devices such as the wireless LAN controller.
MCA is the most commonly used network architecture, as it is the most intuitive way to solve the problem of co-channel interference (although it does not eliminate the problem).
L'Ange Blanc (French for "The White Angel") (1930s – January 2006) is the most well known ring name of Francisco Pino Farina a retired Spanish-born professional wrestler. Originally he worked in France as the masked L'Ange Blanc and would later work under the names "El Angel Blanco" and "the White Angel" after being unmasked. He worked in the United States as Pancho Pino and as El Ángel Exterminador in Mexico.
Simon Hill (born 1 November 1967) is an English football commentator based in Australia.
He is also a gifted musician and vocalist, specialising on the Drums. He plays in several bands- 

After graduating from the University of Portsmouth in 1990, Hill began his work in the field of journalism, initially writing for newspapers as a freelance author while studying for the NCTJ Pre-Entry Course in Newspaper Journalism.
He landed his first job at Red Dragon FM, a radio station in Cardiff, south Wales. Soon after, Hill's career progressed to BBC local radio and eventually BBC World Service and BBC Radio Five Live, working as both a presenter and commentator on Premiership and European Football.
Hill began his television career at BBC, working on the digital channel BBC News 24 before he was approached to work as a presenter and reporter the new ITV Sport Channel.
Simon then moved into freelancing roles for various TV and radio channels – including Capital Gold Radio.


Guy Noir is a fictional private detective regularly featured on the public radio show A Prairie Home Companion.  Voiced by Garrison Keillor, the character parodies the conventions of hardboiled fiction and the film noir genre. Guy Noir works on the twelfth floor of the Acme Building in a city that "knows how to keep its secrets", St. Paul, Minnesota.
The Fijian ambassador in Beijing is the official representative of the government in Suva to the Government of the People's Republic of China.
The Formosa Air Battle (Japanese: 台湾沖航空戦, lit. 'Battle of the Taiwan Sea', Chinese: 臺灣空戰), 12–16 October 1944, was a series of large-scale aerial engagements between carrier air groups of the United States Navy Fast Carrier Task Force (TF 38) and Japanese land-based air forces of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) and Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). The battle consisted of American air raids against Japanese military installations on Formosa (Taiwan) during the day and Japanese air attacks at night against American ships. Japanese losses exceeded 300 planes destroyed in the air, while American losses amounted to fewer than 100 aircraft destroyed and two cruisers damaged. This outcome effectively deprived the Japanese Navy's Combined Fleet of air cover for future operations, which proved decisive during the Battle of Leyte Gulf later in October.
KMPS (910 kHz) was a commercial AM radio station licensed to Hesperia, California, and broadcast to the Victor Valley area.  It was owned by El Dorado Broadcasters and it simulcasted a Regional Mexican radio format with sister station KXVV 103.1 FM.  KMPS's offices and studios were on Hesperia Road in Hesperia. 
KMPS was powered at 700 watts by day and 500 watts at night.  It used a directional antenna with a four-tower array.  The transmitter was near Mesa Linda Street in Oak Hills.
Hosuseri (火須勢理命) is a god that appears in Japanese mythology. Second child of Ninigi-no-Mikoto and Konohanasakuya-hime. He is considered to be the great-uncle of Emperor Jimmu (the first Emperor of Japan).


Celeste Farotti (1864 – 1928) was a violin maker in the modern Milanese school. 
Though his apprenticeship is uncertain, he completed his training in the workshop of Leandro Bisiach, finally opening his own shop in Milan around 1900. He was a connoisseur of Italian violin making, and a gifted copyist. After an accident during a mountain trip, Celeste stopped working and his nephew, Celestino Farotto (born 1905), ran the shop until his death.
An air of mystery surrounds some of his work, and there are many legends about him, as there are about other makers who made "copies" of instruments that they made look old. Like Gaetano Sgarabotto or Vincenzo Sannino, he frequently enjoyed reproducing the wear and tear of antique instruments.
Archibald "Archie" McWhinnie (17 July 1926 – 21 March 1971) was a Scottish professional footballer, who made two appearances in the English football league with Wrexham.
He also played for Scottish clubs Rutherglen Glencairn and Cowdenbeath.
The Heart of New England Council is a Boy Scouts of America council serving Cub Scout packs, Scouts BSA troops, Exploring posts and Venturing crews in central Massachusetts with administrative support, program resources, activities, events, and camping properties.
Mario Fontanella (born 28 June 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Al-Muharraq in the Bahraini Premier League.
Ulukır is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Gönen, Balıkesir Province in Turkey. Its population is 386 (2022).
Vittorio Bissaro (born 1 June 1987) is an Italian competitive sailor.
He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the mixed Nacra 17 pairing with Silvia Sicouri at his bow. After sailing consistently throughout the qualification series, Bissaro-Sicouri dramatically lost one Olympic Medal in the Final race because of some  major tactical mistakes and finished fifth overall.
Francisco Herrera may refer to:

Francisco Herrera the Elder (1576–1656), Spanish painter
Francisco Herrera the Younger (1622–1685), his son, Spanish painter
Francisco Herrera (baseball), Los Angeles Dodgers clubhouse staff
Francisco Herrera (comics), comic book illustrator and co-creator of Mania
Ghost Train: The Studio B Sessions is the 17th studio album of country music singer Marty Stuart. The album was long-awaited by fans of Stuart, as most of the songs had already featured on The Marty Stuart Show, Stuart's country/bluegrass show on RFD-TV. It was recorded in the historic RCA Studio B in Nashville, which was being used by the Country Music Hall of Fame as a type of museum until Stuart asked to use the "Home of a Thousand Hits" to record 'Ghost Train'.
Leyfields is a housing estate in Tamworth, Staffordshire, consisting of 3-storey flats, maisonettes, bungalows and houses. It was built in the 1960s as a postwar housing estate. It joins the Gillway estate, Claremont Road estate and Coton Green.
The estate has St Andrew's Methodist church, a Community Centre, shops and Wigginton Park, the home to Tamworth Rugby Union Football Club.
Leyfields is also part of the Staffordshire County Council division of Perry Crofts and the Tamworth Borough Council ward of Mercian.
Stuart Wright may refer to:

Stuart A. Wright, American sociologist
Stuart P. Wright (1903–1982), American athlete
Stuart Pearson Wright (born 1975), English portrait artist
Stuart Wright (rugby league) (born 1950), English rugby player
"I'll Always Love You" is a song by American singer Taylor Dayne and the third single from her debut studio album, Tell It to My Heart (1988). The song was written by Jimmy George and produced by Ric Wake. It was also released as the album's third single in July 1988 by Arista Records. Dayne was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female R&B Vocal for her performance on "I'll Always Love You" in 1989. The song was also nominated for Best R&B Song that year.
The Indigenous Spiritual Ministry of Mishamikoweesh is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Canada. It was created on 1 June 2014 from the northern portion of the Diocese of Keewatin, and includes more than 25 First Nations communities in north-western Ontario and northern Manitoba.
Lydia Mamakwa, who had previously served as suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Keewatin with responsibility for Northern Ontario, was installed as the first bishop of Mishamikoweesh on 4 June 2014 in Kingfisher Lake, Ontario.
Klimentov (Russian: Климентов) is a Slavic masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Klimentova. It may refer to

Andrei Platonov, pen name of the Russian writer Andrei Klimentov (1899–1951)
Daria Klimentová (born 1971), Czech ballet dancer, teacher and photographer
Thomas Joseph Haas (born March 5, 1951) is an American academic who is a former president of Grand Valley State University (GVSU)  and a chemistry professor. He currently holds the title of President Emeritus. Prior to coming to GVSU, Haas served as president of the State University of New York at Cobleskill from 2003 to 2006. In 2018, Haas announced his retirement from the presidency. The GVSU Board of Trustees selected Philomena Mantella as the university's next president, effective July 1, 2019.
The United Progressive Party (UPP) is a political party in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The party was formed on 2 January 2020.  Its ideology centers on progressivism and decentralization. They had planned to contest the 2020 Vincentian general election, but suspended their campaign on 3 October. Mark J.N Doyle, the party chair, announced that the UPP would contest in 2025 instead; for 2020, he expressed support for the New Democratic Party over the incumbent Unity Labour Party. Their logo is heavily influenced by that of the Jamaica Labour Party.
St Oswald's Church is north of the village of Brereton Green, adjacent to Brereton Hall, in the civil parish of Brereton, Cheshire, England, on the banks of the River Croco.  It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is described as "an unusually complete late Perpendicular church".  It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton.  Its benefice is combined with those of Christ Church, Eaton, and St Michael, Hulme Walfield.
About Memory and Loss (French: Notes sur la mémoire et l'oubli) is a Canadian short documentary film, directed by Amélie Hardy and released in 2022. Based on Rafaële Germain's non-fiction essay Un présent infini: notes sur la mémoire et l'oubli, the film is a meditation on the cultural process of deciding what elements of history to preserve and archive for posterity, and what elements of history to discard.
The film premiered at the 2022 Festival du nouveau cinéma.
Sack of Budapest may refer to:

the devastation of Hungary after the 1241 Battle of Mohi against the Mongols
the pillage of Buda by the Ottoman army after the 1526 Battle of Mohács
the invasion of Hungary by the Soviet army following the Hungarian Revolution of 1956
Maha Samudram (transl. 'Ocean') is a 2021 Indian Telugu-language romantic action drama film written and directed by Ajay Bhupathi. It is produced by Ramabrahmam Sunkara under AK Entertainments. It stars Sharwanand, Siddharth, Aditi Rao Hydari, and Anu Emmanuel. The music is composed by Chaitan Bharadwaj. The film is set in Visakhapatnam of Andhra Pradesh. The film gets released on 14 October 2021.
A Man's Past is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by George Melford and starring Conrad Veidt, Barbara Bedford, and Ian Keith.
The 2024 Appalachian State Mountaineers football team will represent Appalachian State University in the Sun Belt Conference's East Division during the 2024 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Mountaineers are led by Shawn Clark in his fifth year as the head coach. The Mountaineers will play home games at the Kidd Brewer Stadium, located in Boone, North Carolina.
Aqcheh Kand (Persian: اقچه كند) may refer to:

Aqcheh Kand, Ardabil
Aqcheh Kand, East Azerbaijan
Aqcheh Kand, Qazvin
Aqcheh Kand, Zanjan
Aqcheh Kand, Khodabandeh, Zanjan Province
In electrochemistry, the faradaic current is the electric current generated by the reduction or oxidation of some chemical substance at an electrode. The net faradaic current is the algebraic sum of all the faradaic currents flowing through an indicator electrode or working electrode.
Mega Top 30 is a Dutch music chart compiled by SoundAware and broadcast every Saturday from 14:00 - 16:00 on NPO 3FM. It originally started on November 30, 1963, as the Tijd voor Teenagers Top 10. Throughout the years, the chart has had several names and lengths:
Joseph Nash (1869 – after 1922) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half or centre half in the Football League for Burnley and Manchester City. He began his career with his home-town club, Uxbridge, and spent two spells with Lancashire League club Nelson.
Metalectra diabolica, the diabolical fungus moth, is a moth of the family Erebidae. The species was first described by William Barnes and Foster Hendrickson Benjamin in 1924. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from North Carolina to Florida and Arkansas to Texas.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to October, with most records from May.
The larvae feed on fungi.
Potkonje is a village in the hinterland of Dalmatia, Croatia, located in Šibenik-Knin County near the town of Knin. In 2011, the population counted 110 inhabitants.
Pentifylline (marketed as Cosaldon) is a vasodilator.
Rodolfo Dorador Pérez Gavilán (born 13 February 1969) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PAN. He currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Durango. He also served as Deputy during the LVIII Legislature and as Senator during the LX and LXI Legislatures.
"Bron-Y-Aur Stomp" is a song recorded by English rock band Led Zeppelin for their third album, Led Zeppelin III, released in 1970.
Claire Mary Moore (born 19 February 1956) is an Australian politician who was an Australian Labor Party Senator for Queensland from 2002 to 2019, having been elected in the 2001 Federal Election, and the  Shadow Minister for International Development and the Pacific.
Senator Moore has previously served as Shadow Minister for Women, Shadow Minister for Carers, Shadow Minister for Communities and the Manager of Opposition Business in the Senate.
Prior to entering Parliament, Moore was the Queensland Secretary of the Community and Public Sector Union from 1994 to 2001 and a public servant.
22nd Regiment or 22nd Infantry Regiment may refer to:
Tarik Isić (born 8 October 1994) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Armenian Premier League club Pyunik.
Bimal Rathnayake is a Sri Lankan politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka. He is a national organiser and political bureau member of the people's liberation front (JVP).
He is a member of the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna party.
Xavier Rubert de Ventós (1 September 1939 – 28 January 2023) was a Spanish philosopher, writer and politician.
Aruba competed at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan, Russia from 24 July to 9 August 2015.
The Vs. Tour was a concert tour by the American rock band Pearl Jam to support its second album, Vs.


First-seeded Jimmy Connors was the defending champion of the singles event at the ABN World Tennis Tournament, but lost in the final against second-seeded Guillermo Vilas 0–6, 6–2, 6–4.
Eucalyptus pauciflora subsp. hedraia, commonly known as snow gum, is a mallee or small tree that is endemic to a small area of Victoria, Australia. It has smooth bark, branchlets that are often glaucous, glossy green lance-shaped to egg-shaped or elliptical adult leaves, flower buds in groups of between eleven and fifteen, white flowers and hemispherical or cup-shaped fruit. It differs from other subspecies of E. pauciflora in having larger, sessile, glaucous buds and broader, hemispherical fruit.
HMS Seagull was a Sharpshooter-class torpedo gunboat of the British Royal Navy. She was built at Chatham Dockyard from 1888–1891. She was converted to a minesweeper in 1908–1909 and continued these duties during the First World War. Seagull was sunk in a collision with a merchant ship on 30 September 1918.
The 2022 Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the twenty-fifth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2022 ITF Women's World Tennis Tour. It took place in Dubai, United Arab Emirates between 5 and 11 December 2022.
Mas-related G-protein coupled receptor MRG is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MAS1L gene.
Bloodbath is a Swedish death-metal group from Stockholm.
Bloodbath may also refer to:
Legal Hustle is the debut compilation album by American rapper Cormega. It was released on May 25, 2004, through Koch Records. It was supported by two singles: "Let It Go", which features M.O.P. and "Dangerous", which features Unda P. and Vybz Kartel.
The album features guest appearances from various Cormega labelmates as well as more popular rappers such as Ghostface Killah, Large Professor, AZ, Kurupt, Jayo Felony, The Jacka and others.
Sanjay Rajoura (born 18 September 1973)  is a stand-up comedian. He is a part of trio of "Aisi Taisi Democracy.
María Murgueytio Velasco (b. 1927 – d. 3 February 2016) was an Ecuadorian politician. She was the first woman in Ecuador to hold a mayoral office. She is also remembered for her work in women's rights in her term as mayor of the city of Riobamba.
Gustave Juvet (born 25 September 1896, La Côte-aux-Fées, Neuchâtel –  2 April 1936, Valais) was a Swiss mathematician.
Gran Sport may refer to:

Buick Gran Sport, 1970s sports car
Maserati Gran Sport, 2000s sports car
Alfa Romeo Gran Sport Quattroruote, 1960s car
Shikaripura Assembly constituency is one of the 224 assembly constituencies of Karnataka, a state in Southern India. It is named after the town of Shikaripur, which forms part of the constituency. It is one of the eight Vidhan Sabha constituencies which form Shimoga Lok Sabha constituency.
Torrey C. Brown (February 28, 1937 – April 20, 2014) was an American politician who served in the Maryland House of Delegates and was the Secretary of the Maryland Department of Natural Resources.
The Young Communist League of Germany (Kommunistischer Jugendverband Deutschlands, abbreviated KJVD) was a political youth organization in Germany.
Striariidae is a family of millipedes in the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 30 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last). There are at least 3 genera and about 13 described species in Striariidae.
The Sins of the Mother (German: Die Sünden der Mutter) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Carl Auen and Käthe Dorsch.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Kurt Richter.
The Gatehouse at Bonds Mill at Stonehouse, Gloucestershire, England, was constructed during World War II as a defensive pillbox as part of the Stop Line Green. It is a rare example of a two-storey pillbox with a rooftop gun emplacement and is a Grade II listed building. It is now used as a visitor centre run by the Cotswold Canals Trust.
It was built in 1940, as one of sixteen pillboxes alongside the Stroudwater Navigation, a canal that links Stroud to the Severn Estuary. It has an octagonal floorplan based on the Type 24 pillbox, the ground floor being constructed of reinforced concrete and the upper storey is red brick. It is situated on the north side of the canal, across from the former Bond's Mill, which was being used during the war by Sperry as a dispersal factory to manufacture gyroscopic compasses. After the war it was adapted for use as a gatehouse for the mill and later to include hydraulic controls for the bridge that crosses the canal. 
The historic swing bridge had survived the closure of the navigation in 1954, but had been widened and was no longer operable - it was in a very poor structural condition by the early 1990s. In 1994 the original bridge was replaced with the world's first composite plastic lift bridge for vehicular traffic, with the weight savings enabling reuse of the original abutments and no requirement for a counterweight.
The composite lift bridge has not been in regular operation while awaiting restoration of the rest of the canal, and has now deteriorated mechanically and structurally to the point where replacement is likely to be required as part of Phase 1B "The Missing Mile" reconnection to the national waterway network by 2025, likely with a conventional steel/counterweight design similar to that fitted at Lodgemore.
Dumisani Kelvin Meslane (born 11 May 1985) is a South African rugby union player who last played for the Eastern Province Elephants in the Currie Cup and in the Rugby Challenge. His regular position is flanker.
The Rocking Horse Winner is a 1949 fantasy film about a young boy who can pick winners in horse races with complete accuracy. It is an adaptation of the D. H. Lawrence short story The Rocking-Horse Winner and starred Valerie Hobson, John Howard Davies and Ronald Squire. Producer of the film John Mills also acted in the film.
It was shot at Denham Studios with sets designed by the art director Carmen Dillon.
Black Beauty is an album by the psychedelic rock band Love, released on February 13, 2012, nearly six years after the death of frontman Arthur Lee. Issued on High Moon Records, it compiles material from a canceled studio album, which Lee—backed by a new group with an all-black line-up—planned to have released on the Buffalo Records label. Recorded after a series of unsuccessful albums, both with Love and his 1972 solo effort Vindicator, Black Beauty was intended to serve as Lee's comeback album. Among other Love releases, it is notable for its reinvention of the band as a funk group, while preserving Lee's lyrical complexity.
Some of the tracks for the canceled album had appeared beforehand on compilation albums such as Reel to Real and Love Lost; however, Black Beauty is the first release to assemble all the compositions from the 1973 recording sessions. While the album does not represent the classic Love line-up, music critics have recognized it as the best representation of Lee's hard rock period.
Cameron Clyne (born 21 March 1968) is an Australian businessman, who served Group CEO of the National Australia Bank Group.
James Hedderwick LLD (1814–1897) was a Scottish poet, journalist and newspaper proprietor. He founded the famous Glasgow newspaper, the Evening Citizen.
New York City Fire Department Rescue Company 1, also known as Rescue 1, is one of five special operations rescue companies of the New York City Fire Department (FDNY) that responds to rescue operations requiring specialized equipment and training. 


The 2009 NCAA men's volleyball tournament was the 40th annual tournament to determine the national champion of NCAA men's collegiate indoor volleyball. The single elimination tournament was played at Smith Fieldhouse in Provo, Utah during May 2009.
UC Irvine defeated USC in the final match, 3–2 (26–30, 30–23, 26–30, 30–17, 15–12), to win their second national title. The Anteaters (27–5) were coached by John Speraw.
UC Irvine's Ryan Ammerman was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Ammerman, along with six other players, comprised the All Tournament Team.
John Watson (28 November 1883 – 6 May 1946) was a Scottish professional footballer who made over 160 appearances as a full back in the Southern League for Brentford. He also played in the Football League for Newcastle United and Leeds City.
Schüpfheim railway station (German: Bahnhof Schüpfheim) is a railway station in the municipality of Schüpfheim, in the Swiss canton of Lucerne. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Bern–Lucerne line of Swiss Federal Railways.
Francis "Frank" Joseph Zakem  (August 30, 1931 – January 23, 2013) was a  Canadian businessman, politician,  educator and author.
Zakem was born in Saint-Paul-du-Buton, Quebec (now Saint-Paul-de-Montminy) in 1931 and moved to Prince Edward Island in 1936 with his family. He received his early education at Queens Square School, Prince of Wales College and Saint Dunstan's University, earning the degrees of Bachelor of Commerce, Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Education. He spent two years at the Grand Seminary of Montreal Theology and completed the Management Development Program for College Administrators at Trent University.
In his early career, Zakem participated actively in his family business. He later wrote about the experience in several books including The Corner Store Experience for which he received a heritage award from the City of Charlottetown, The Zakem Marji Story and The Basilica Recreation Center Before and After.
Zakem worked as an educator in a number of Prince Edward Island institutions, including Saint Dunstan's University, Prince of Wales College, the University of Prince Edward Island and Holland College, where he served in a variety of capacities, including President at Holland College for 26 years.
Zakem served as city councillor for Charlottetown City Council from 1964 to 1974 and 1995 to 1998 and served as mayor from 1975 to 1977. During his tenure as mayor he oversaw the creation of the Charlottetown Area Development Corporation and helped establish a series of guidelines for the preservation of heritage in Charlottetown. One product of these guidelines was the restoration of Victoria Row, a block of Richmond Street between Queen Street and Great George Street, as well as its development into a seasonal pedestrian mall. For six years Zakem was seconded to work in various capacities in the office of Premier Joe Ghiz.
In the 1990s, Zakem consulted on the issue of municipal reform and, later that decade, he served as Director of the Federation of Prince Edward Island Municipalities. He also had a long-term involvement in community organizations dealing with mental and physical health, sports, multicultural matters and race relations, the Boy Scouts, and in helping create the Rotary Youth Parliament, a training ground for many current and future Island leaders.  His writings on the political machinations of Prince Edward Island, including his work on municipal representation, are still used as reference material by political researchers.
Zakem died in Charlottetown on January 23, 2013.
Cleopatra's Barge was the first oceangoing yacht built in the United States. It was built in 1816 at Salem, MA by shipbuilder Retire Becket for owner George Crowninshield Jr. Crowninshield died in 1817 after a single pleasure voyage to the Mediterranean; his brother Richard bought it, used it for two coastal trading voyages, and then sold it to Boston China traders Bryant & Sturgis and Capt. John Suter in early 1820. Suter sailed it to Hawai'i and sold it to Hawaiian monarch Kamehameha II (aka Liloliho) for slightly more than a million pounds of sandalwood. Liholiho used it as his private yacht, renaming it Haʻaheo o Hawaiʻi ("Pride of Hawaii") in 1822 after a rebuild. Under an all-Hawaiian crew, Ha'aheo  wrecked in Hanalei Bay, Kaua'i, Hawai'i in April 1824.
Nes is a village in Noardeast-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands, with a population of around 376 in January 2017. Before 2019, the village was part of the Dongeradeel municipality.
South Korean girl group NewJeans has released two extended plays, three single albums, ten singles, and five promotional singles. The group debuted under the independent music label ADOR in July 2022, and is composed of members Minji, Hanni, Danielle, Haerin, and Hyein.
The group's first release, their self-titled extended play (2022), topped the South Korean Circle Album Chart and became the best-selling debut album by a K-pop female act, with over one million copies sold. It was supported by three singles: "Attention", "Hype Boy", and "Cookie". Both "Attention" and "Hype Boy" received a platinum certification for streaming in South Korea and a gold certification for streaming in Japan. The former topped the South Korean Circle Digital Chart, and the latter became the longest-running song on the Billboard Global 200 by a K-pop female act.
NewJeans' first single album, OMG (2023), was their second number one on the Circle Album Chart and reached the top 10 on charts in Japan and Portugal. It sold over one million copies in South Korea and was supported by two singles that were both certified platinum for streaming in Japan: "Ditto" and "OMG". The former was also certified platinum for streaming in South Korea and became the longest-running number-one song on the Circle Digital Chart and the group's first entry on international charts including the Canadian Hot 100, the UK Singles Chart, and the US Billboard Hot 100.
NewJeans' second EP, Get Up, sold over a million copies and reached the top 10 on charts in South Korea, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, New Zealand, and Switzerland among others. In the United States, the EP earned NewJeans their first entry and number-one on the Billboard 200. Get Up was supported by three singles: "Super Shy", Cool with You", and "ETA". "Super Shy" earned NewJeans their third number-one on the Circle Digital Chart and became their best-performing track on international charts.


Adagio is a joint venture launched by Accor and Pierre & Vacances operating apartment hotels.
Bascapè is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Milan and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Pavia.
Bascapè borders the following municipalities: Carpiano, Casaletto Lodigiano, Caselle Lurani, Cerro al Lambro, Landriano, Torrevecchia Pia, and Valera Fratta.
Verheyen is a Dutch-language toponymic surname. It is a variant spelling of Verheijen and a contraction of the surname Van der Heijden, meaning "from the heath".
Notable people with this surname include:

Carl Verheyen (born 1954), American guitarist, known for his work in Supertramp
David Verheyen (born 1981), Belgian road racing cyclist
Franz Verheyen (1877–1955), German racing cyclist
Geert Verheyen (born 1973), Belgian road racing cyclist
Gert Verheyen (born 1970), Belgian footballer
Gustave Verheyen (1880–1951), South African cricket umpire
Jacques Verheyen (1911–1989), Dutch glazier and painter
Jan Verheyen (born 1944), Belgian footballer
Jean Verheyen (1896–?), Belgian cyclist
Jef Verheyen (1932–1984), Belgian painter
Philip Verheyen (1648–1711), Belgian surgeon
Piet A. Verheyen (1931–2021), Dutch economist
René Verheyen (born 1952), Belgian football midfielder
Robin Verheyen (born 1983), Belgian jazz saxophonist and composer
Sabine Verheyen (born 1964), German politician and Member of the European Parliament
Walter Verheyen (1932–2005), Belgian zoologist
Swadesh Deepak (born 1943) is an Indian playwright, novelist and short-story writer. Deepak has been active on the Hindi literary scene since the mid-1960s and is best known for Court Martial, a 1991 play. Deepak's most recent book is Maine Mandu Nahin Dekha, a volume of memoirs.
Norman Speirs (31 May 1886 – 1 August 1960) was an Australian cricketer. He played two first-class cricket matches for Victoria in 1908.
Schalk van der Merwe (16 April 1961 – 24 January 2016) was a professional tennis player from South Africa.
His best performance in a Grand Slam tournament was a third-round appearance at the 1982 US Open, where he had wins over Derek Tarr and Raúl Ramírez. In the second round of the 1982 Wimbledon Championships, van der Merwe lost a marathon match to Steve Denton, which had to be stopped due to darkness when the scores were level at 10–10 in the fifth set. Play resumed the following day, and Denton won 13–11.
Skylands is a 1,119-acre (4.53 km2) estate property located in Ringwood State Park in Ringwood, New Jersey, a borough in Passaic County in the state of New Jersey. The Skylands property consists of the historic Skylands Manor mansion, The Castle at Skylands Manor and the New Jersey Botanical Garden; the botanical garden is 96 acres (390,000 m2) and it is open to the public year-round. The Skylands property is within the Ramapo Mountains and it is maintained by the Skyland Association. The property is marketed with the garden as New Jersey State Botanical Garden at Skylands.
The house and gardens, including formal gardens and specimen plantings, were built in the 1920s by Clarence MacKenzie Lewis, a New York City stockbroker and civil engineer. Lewis hired architect John Russell Pope to design the 44-room Tudor revival manor house. The manor is a reproduction English mansion featuring rectangular, bay and oriel windows. A nine-hole golf course once graced this property. In addition, from circa 1950 the property was used as a college campus for Shelton College until in 1966 the state purchased the 1,117 acres of Skylands from the college, which moved to Cape May.
The estate was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 28, 1990, for its significance in architecture and landscape architecture.
USS PCE-830 was a U.S.-built Patrol Craft Escort (PCE) vessel launched on 13 June 1943 by the Pullman-Standard Car Company of Chicago, Illinois. It was transferred to the Royal Navy and given the name HMS Kilchrenan in August 1943. As of 2020 it operates as the cruise ship MS Sunnhordland in Norway.
The 1997 Hamburg state election was held on 21 September 1997 to elect the members of the 16th Hamburg Parliament. The incumbent government of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and Statt Party under First Mayor Henning Voscherau was defeated as Statt lost all its seats. The SPD subsequently formed a coalition with the Green Alternative List (GAL). Voscherau declined to run for re-election as First Mayor due to the SPD's poor performance, and fellow SPD member Ortwin Runde succeeded him.
Donfeld (born Donald Lee Feld; July 3, 1934 – February 3, 2007) was a four-time Oscar-nominated American costume designer known for his work on films such as Spaceballs, Prizzi's Honor and The Great Race.
In addition, he made the costumes for the action adventure fantasy television series Wonder Woman, for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1978.
The athletics competition at the 2021 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Konya, Turkey from 8 to 12 August 2022 in Konya Athletic Field. The Para Athletics competitions will be held in Konya Athletic Field on 11 August 2022. Countries can compete with a maximum of 2 athletes in each disability class (T46/T47 & T53/T54) in Para Athletics competitions. Men: High Jump T46/T47 Women: 100m T53/T54
The Games were originally scheduled to take place from 20 to 29 August 2021. In May 2020, the Islamic Solidarity Sports Federation (ISSF), who are responsible for the direction and control of the Islamic Solidarity Games, postponed the games as the 2020 Summer Olympics were postponed to July and August 2021, due to the global COVID-19 pandemic.
The competition was held at an altitude of over 1,000 metres which is said to increase performance in explosive events like sprinting and horizontal jumps.
All electronic time results during the first three days of competition have been cancelled because of wrong chronometre parameters but the order of medals still remains.
Beulah is an unincorporated community in northern Texas county and southern Phelps County, Missouri, United States. It is located at the edge of the Mark Twain National Forest, approximately nine miles north of Licking in adjacent Texas County. The community is on both sides of Missouri Route K, three miles west of U.S. Route 63.
A post office called Beulah was established in 1886, and remained in operation until 1995. An early postmaster gave the community the name of his daughter.
GVF may refer to:

Greta Van Fleet, an American rock band
Global Village Foundation, an American charity
Golin language, native to Papua New Guinea
Grapevine virus F, a plant virus species in the genus Vitivirus
Gradient vector flow, a computer vision method
David John Balcombe (born 24 December 1984) is an English former cricketer who played primarily as a right-arm medium-fast bowler. Balcombe spent the majority of his professional career with Hampshire, but also played first-class cricket for Durham UCCE and Kent. In a career which spanned from 2005 to 2014, he took 196 wickets in first-class cricket.
The 2017 ESF Women's Championship was an international European softball competition that was held in Bollate, Italy from 25 June to 1 July 2017.
Base end stations were used by the United States Army Coast Artillery Corps as part of fire control systems for locating the positions of attacking ships and controlling the firing of seacoast guns, mortars, or mines to defend against them. A British equivalent was the position finding cell.
Antonino Catalano (3 July 1932 – 20 April 1987) was an Italian racing cyclist. He won stage 8 of the 1959 Giro d'Italia.
The 1912 Tour de France was the 10th edition of Tour de France, one of cycling's Grand Tours. The Tour began in Paris on 30 June and Stage 9 occurred on 16 July with a flat stage from Perpignan. The race finished in Paris on 28 July.
Saidpur, aka Goth Saidpur, is a village and deh in Bulri Shah Karim taluka of Tando Muhammad Khan District, Sindh. As of 2017, it has a population of 1,994, in 365 households. It is the seat of a tapedar circle, which also includes the villages of Beharn, Deghi, Dodi, Jamarkri, and Pakhro. It is also the headquarters of a supervisory tapedar circle, which also includes the tapedar circles of Alipur, Barchani, Miranpur, and Mulan Katiar.


Mala Ram Gangwal (born 14 August 1949), is an Indian politician, belonging to Indian National Congress. He is member of the legislative assembly representing Madipur constituency, a seat he has won three times.
Air Tindi is an airline based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada. It operates scheduled and on demand charter services. Its main base is Yellowknife Airport and the airline was previously owned by the Arychuk family. The name Tindi means "the big lake" or "Great Slave Lake" in the local native Tłı̨chǫ Yatiì language.
Ingulf was an 11th-century Benedictine abbot of Crowland (Croyland).
Ingulf (also Ingulph; Anglo-Saxon Ingwulf, Old Norse Ingólfr) is a Germanic given name (from Ing, a theonym, and ulf "wolf"); besides the Crowland abbot, it may also refer to:

Pseudo-Ingulf, the Croyland chronicle formerly associated with the abbot
Ingulph, a 12th-century Abbot of Abingdon
Ingólfr Arnarson, 9th-century settler of Iceland
Ingulf the Mad, title of a 1989 fantasy novel and its eponymous main character
Log area ratios (LAR) can be used to represent reflection coefficients (another form for linear prediction coefficients) for transmission over a channel. While not as efficient as line spectral pairs (LSPs), log area ratios are much simpler to compute. Let 
  
    
      
        
          r
          
            k
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle r_{k}}
  
 be the kth reflection coefficient of a filter, the kth LAR is:

  
    
      
        
          A
          
            k
          
        
        =
        log
        ⁡
        
          
            
              1
              −
              
                r
                
                  k
                
              
            
            
              1
              +
              
                r
                
                  k
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle A_{k}=\log {1-r_{k} \over 1+r_{k}}}
  

Use of Log Area Ratios have now been mostly replaced by Line Spectral Pairs, but older codecs, such as GSM-FR use LARs.
Arman Geghamyan (Armenian: Արման Գեղամյան, born 12 September 1981) is an Armenian Greco Roman wrestler.
Geghamyan was a member of the Armenian Greco-Roman wrestling team at the 2009 Wrestling World Cup. The Armenian team came in third place. Geghamyan personally won a bronze medal.
Geghamyan was a member of the Armenian Greco-Roman wrestling team at the 2009 and 2010 Wrestling World Cup. The Armenian team came in third place both years. Geghamyan personally won a bronze medal in 2009 and a silver medal in 2010.
Chocicza [xɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
John Douglas Fraser Drummond (April 23, 1860 – May 24, 1925) was a Canadian farmer and politician.
He was the Progressive Middlesex West Member of Parliament from 1921 until his death in 1925.
The 2024 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix (officially known as the Gran Premi Monster Energy de Catalunya) was the sixth round of the 2024 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season and the third round of the 2024 MotoE World Championship. All races (except for both MotoE races which were held on 25 May) were held at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya in Montmeló on 26 May 2024.
"Legacy" is a song by English rock band Mansun. It was released as a single in 1998 from the group's album, Six, and was the lead track on Eight EP. It follows a similar template to many of the group's other hits and was also their highest-charting single, peaking at No. 7 in the UK Singles Chart.
Murphy Wall (54°5′S 37°24′W) is a series of north–south trending peaks, the highest 905 m, resembling a wall along the west side of Grace Glacier on the north side of South Georgia. Surveyed by the South Georgia Survey in the period 1951–57, and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Robert Cushman Murphy, American ornithologist who made observations and collections in the Bay of Isles in 1912-13 for the American Museum of Natural History, New York City.
 This article incorporates public domain material from "Murphy Wall". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.
El Canario is a Cuban village and hamlet belonging to the municipality of Primero de Enero, in Ciego de Avila Province. It has a population of 41.
Selma, Lord, Selma is a 1999 American made-for-television biographical drama film based on true events that happened in March 1965, known as Bloody Sunday in Selma, Alabama. The film tells the story through the eyes of a 9-year-old African-American girl named Sheyann Webb (Jurnee Smollett). It was directed by Charles Burnett, one of the pioneers of African-American independent cinema. It premiered on ABC on January 17, 1999.
Ernest Norman McKie, (1 July 1882 – 19 May 1948) was an Australian clergyman who was also an amateur botanist with a detailed knowledge of the eucalypts and grasses of the New England district of New South Wales. He was born in Barraba in 1882, entered St Andrew's College, University of Sydney where he graduated in 1906, then completed his theological studies before being posted to Manilla in 1908, then Bendemeer, later Guyra in 1912.
McKie was also an amateur botanist and had a detailed knowledge of the eucalypts and grasses of the New England district of New South Wales. He kept in contact with William Faris Blakely and collaborated in the descriptions of several eucalypts and other species in the area, including E. caliginosa, E. cameronii, E. tinghaensis, E. youmanii and Grevillea sarmentosa (now G. scortechinii subsp. sarmentosa. He was also the first secretary of the New South Wales Agricultural Bureau and was a member of the Australian Institute of Agricultural Science, the Royal Society of New South Wales and the Linnean Society of New South Wales, who published papers contributed by him. Blakely published the first formal description of Eucalyptus mckieana, in honour of McKie, noting his "intimate field and botanical knowledge of the New England Eucalypts". 
The standard author abbreviation McKie is used to indicate this person as the author when citing a botanical name.
The Office of the Integrity Commissioner (French: Bureau du commissaire à l’intégrité) for the province of Ontario is the office of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario responsible for preventing ethics violations before they occur for members of the Legislative Assembly.


Elhanan, son of Jaare-Oregim the Bethlehemite (Hebrew: אֶלְחָנָן בֶּן־יַעְרֵי אֹרְגִים בֵּית הַלַּחְמִי, romanized: ʾElḥānān ben-Yaʿrē ʾOrəgīm Bēṯ halLaḥmī) appears in 2 Samuel 21:19, where he is credited with killing Goliath: "There was another battle with the Philistines at Gob, and Elhanan son of Jaare-oregim the Bethlehemite killed Goliath the Gittite, the shaft of whose spear was like a weaver's beam." In 1 Chronicles 20:5, he is called Elhanan, son of Jair (אֶלְחָנָן בֶּן־יָעִיר‎ ʾElḥānān ben-Yāʿīr), indicating that Jaare-oregim is a garbled corruption of the name Jair and the word for "beam" used in the verse (ʾorəgim). The passage in 2 Samuel 21:19 poses difficulties when compared with the story of David and Goliath in 1 Samuel 17, leading scholars to conclude "that the attribution of Goliath's slaying to David may not be original,"  but rather "an elaboration and reworking of" an earlier Elhanan story, "attributing the victory to the better-known David."
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the Democratic Republic of the Congo:
Democratic Republic of the Congo – country located in Central Africa. The country is extremely rich in natural resources but political instability, a lack of infrastructure and a culture of corruption have historically limited development, extraction and exploitation efforts. Besides the capital, Kinshasa, the country's other largest cities are both mining communities (Lubumbashi and Mbuji-Mayi) and the country's largest exports are raw minerals.
"One More Chance" (Korean: 비처럼 가지 마요; RR: Bicheoleom gaji mayo, lit. "Don't Go Like the Rain") is a single released by the South Korean boy band Super Junior on October 30, 2017, for their studio album, Play. This single marked the group's return from their two-year hiatus due to most of its members were undergoing their mandatory military service, and the first Super Junior single released under their exclusive label, Label SJ.
Ranbir Rano is a Hindi television series produced by Diamond Pictures that aired on Zee TV channel between 22 September 2008 – 28 May 2009. The show was very popular in that time and TRP was 5.9 when it was telecasting in Zee TV. The story summary is: two young souls in search of love, as and a natural view of the Punjab and an unconditional belief in the power of destiny.
Mark Valera (previously Mark van Krevel) (born 24 April 1979) is an Australian serial killer who was convicted in 2000 of the murders of David O'Hearn and Frank Arkell in Wollongong, New South Wales. Valera handed himself into police after the murders, and in court accused his father of violent and sexual abuse, citing this as the reason he himself turned violent. His sister, Belinda van Krevel, later organised for their father to be murdered by a family friend. Valera is currently incarcerated at the Goulburn Correctional Centre, where he is serving a life sentence with no possibility of parole.
The Mount Mabu chameleon (Nadzikambia baylissi) is one of two species in the genus Nadzikambia (derived from the species' name in Chichewa). It is a small chameleon from Mount Mabu in Mozambique.
"Pilot" is the pilot episode of the American television drama Ringer, which originally aired on The CW Television Network on September 13, 2011. The episode was written by Eric Charmelo and Nicole Snyder and directed by Richard Shepard. The episode achieved 2.84 million viewers on its initial broadcast; reaching a three-year high for The CW in the Tuesday 9:00pm time slot.
Killer Karaoke is an American karaoke game show that was broadcast on the truTV cable channel. The series debuted on November 23, 2012 and features contestants attempting to sing in front of a live studio audience while various bizarre attempts are made to disrupt their performances. It is based on the British game show Sing If You Can. In the first season, the program was presented by Steve-O with Dee Snider as the announcer. It was announced on September 16, 2013, that the series has been renewed for an eight-episode second season with Mark McGrath replacing Steve-O as host. Steve-O said that he was fired after expressing his discomfort with the show's treatment of animals.
Season 2 premiered on February 20, 2014, and the full season premiere episode has been uploaded on truTV's YouTube channel on February 18.
XM1 may refer to:

3730 Hurban (1983 XM1), a main-belt asteroid
The Fujifilm X-M1, a mirrorless digital camera
The M1 Abrams (or XM1 prototype), a US main battle tank
The Marske XM-1, an experimental glider plane
An Sirius XM Satellite Radio broadcast satellite, XM-1 "Rock"
"That's Not My Penguin" is the sixth episode of the American television police procedural fantasy drama Awake. The episode premiered on April 5, 2012, on NBC, and was simultaneously broadcast on Global in Canada. It was written by series creator and executive producer Kyle Killen and staff writer Noelle Valdivia, and was directed by Scott Winant. "That's Not My Penguin" was well received by television critics, who praised its storylines. Commentators noted that the script was well written and that the episode worked "either way". Upon airing, the episode garnered 2.56 million viewers in the United States and a 0.9 rating in the 18–49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings. It was the lowest-rated show of the timeslot.
The show centers on Michael Britten (Jason Isaacs), a police detective living in two separate realities after a car accident. In this episode, Michael enters a psychiatric hospital during a hostage situation by Gabriel Wyath (Billy Lush). Gabriel wants the police and Michael to find his sister Christie, who was murdered. However, Gabriel has created a separate reality where she was kidnapped by Dr. Wild rather than murdered. In the "green reality", Michael looks for a "ring", which is Dr. Wild's; Rex stole it for his girlfriend Emma (Daniela Bobadilla). Michael meets Emma and gets the ring back. He also experiences hallucinations after being injected by Gabriel, seeing a penguin and Dr. Jonathan Lee (BD Wong).
Major-General Sir Horace Eckford Roome  (17 May 1887 -  29 June 1964) was an officer of the Royal Engineers.
He was commissioned into the Royal Engineers from the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich on 18 December 1907.
During the First World War he was awarded the Military Cross in 1916 for 'distinguished service in the field in Mesopotamia' and was Mentioned in Despatches.
During World War II he was appointed Brigadier and Chief Engineer India from 1 August 1939 to 20 November 1941.
He was promoted acting Major-General 21 November 1941, temporary Major-General 21 November 1942, and finally substantive Major-General 8 May 1944 (with seniority 25 September 1941).
He was Engineer-in-Chief, General Headquarters, India in 1945.
He was awarded CBE in 1941 and the CB in 1944. He was knighted KCIE in 1946.
He retired on 8 January 1947.
His son was Major-General Oliver Roome, R.E.
The Balaton was a Hungarian microcar made by Székesfehérvári Motorjavitó Vállalat based in the central Hungarian town of Székesfehérvár, which began production in 1956.
It was powered by a 250 cc 8 bhp (6 kW) Pannonia motorcycle engine. The rubber suspension was developed from an idea of Ernő Rubik Sr., father of Ernő Rubik who later became famous for the Rubik's cube. The roof and doors were in one piece and hinged to give access to the interior.
The same company also made the Alba Regia microcar with which the Balaton shared most of its mechanical parts.
Air Force Training Group is the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) group responsible for training personnel. It is headquartered at RAAF Williams, Victoria. The group was established as Training Command in 1953. It formed part of Support Command between from 1959 to 1990, when it was re-established as Training Command. In July 2006, Training Command was re-formed as Air Force Training Group under Air Command. Air Force Training Group consists of a headquarters and two Academies: Air Academy and Ground Academy.
The 1909 Tulane Olive and Blue football team was an American football team that represented Tulane University as an independent during the 1909 college football season. In their first year under head coach R. R. Brown, the team compiled an overall record of 4–3–2.
Chanel Oberlin is a fictional character from the Fox comedy horror series Scream Queens. The character is portrayed by actress Emma Roberts and has appeared in the series since its pilot episode. She is introduced as the rich and self-centered president of Kappa Kappa Tau sorority at Wallace University during the first season, where it was targeted by a serial killer in a red devil costume. In the second season, she is enlisted as a medical nurse by Dean Cathy Munsch in the C.U.R.E. Institute, where again, serial killings occur. Chanel was developed by Ryan Murphy and was created specifically for Roberts. The character, along with Roberts' portrayal has been acclaimed by critics and has become popular in the internet with quotations made by Roberts as Chanel.
Graham Moore Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. Located off northern Bathurst Island, the bay is an arm of Viscount Melville Sound.
It was named by Sir William Edward Parry in honour of Vice-Admiral Sir Graham Moore.
Kayabağı can refer to the following villages in Turkey:

Kayabağı, Batman
Kayabağı, Daday
Space: 1889 is a tabletop role-playing game of Victorian-era space-faring, created by Frank Chadwick and originally published by Game Designers' Workshop (GDW) from 1989 to 1990. It was the first roleplaying game to feature space colonization using steam technology in the style of Jules Verne, H.G. Wells, and Arthur Conan Doyle in what would later be called steampunk.: 171–172  The setting of Space: 1889 has not only produced roleplaying games, but boardgames, books, miniatures and a computer game.
These are the programs that have been currently aired on 92.3 Radyo5 True FM and its television counterparts One PH and True FM TV.
The 2016 Drake Bulldogs football team represented Drake University as a member of the Pioneer Football League (PFL) during 2016 NCAA Division I FCS football season. Led by third-year head coach Rick Fox, the Bulldogs compiled an overall record of 7–4 with a mark of 6–2 in conference play, placing third in the PFL. The team played its home games at Drake Stadium in Des Moines, Iowa.
Mary Garcia may refer to:

Mary Helen Garcia (born 1937), member of the New Mexico House of Representatives
Mary Jane Garcia (born 1936), member of the New Mexico Senate
Judge Parker is a syndicated comic strip.
Judge Parker may also refer to:

Alton B. Parker (1852–1926), New York Court of Appeals (1898–1904) and presidential candidate
Barrington D. Parker (1915–1993), judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia
Barrington D. Parker Jr. (born 1944), judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
Edna G. Parker (1930–1996), judge of the United States Tax Court
Fred I. Parker (1938–2003), judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
Isaac C. Parker (1838–1896), United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas (1875–96)
James Aubrey Parker (1937–2022), judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Mexico
John J. Parker (1885–1958), United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit (1925–58)
John Victor Parker (1928–2014), judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana
Linda Vivienne Parker (born 1958), United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (2014–present)
Robert Manley Parker (1937–2020), judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
Tommy Parker (judge) (born 1963), judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee
Eastman's Royal Naval Academy, originally in Southsea and later at Winchester, both in England, was a preparatory school. Between 1855 and 1923 it was known primarily as a school that prepared boys for entry to the Royal Navy. Thereafter, it was renamed Eastman's Preparatory School and continued until the 1940s. According to Jonathan Betts, it was "considered one of the top schools for boys intended for the Navy".
This is a list of notable events in the history of LGBT rights that took place in the year 2007.
Dennis DuVal (born March 31, 1952), nicknamed "Sweet D" is a former National Basketball Association (NBA) player.
Chinimakhi (Russian: Чинимахи; Dargwa: ЧIигIнимахьи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Burgimakmakhinsky Selsoviet, Akushinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 916 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
The McMullin-Warren House, at 301 W. Main St. in Sebree, Kentucky, is a Queen Anne-style house built in 1901.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
It was deemed notable as "the most distinctive architectural landmark in Sebree."
The String Quartet No. 23 in F major, K. 590, was written in June 1790 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. It is the third of the Prussian Quartets.
There are four movements:

Allegro moderato, in F major
Andante, in C major
Menuetto: Allegretto
Allegro, in F major
The quartet was written for and dedicated to the King of Prussia, Friedrich Wilhelm II, an amateur cellist. It is written in a similar style to the quartets of Joseph Haydn. Mozart and his friend Karl Lichnowsky met the king in Potsdam in April 1789. Mozart played before the king in Berlin on 26 May of that year. 
The Menuetto is distinguished by the evolution, in the main minuet sections, from a fairly conventional theme to a highly chromatic, driven transition.
A typical performance of the quartet lasts 23 to 25 minutes.
Fasolo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Alex Fasolo (born 1992), Australian footballer
Bernardino Fasolo (Pavia, 1489–1526/1527), Italian painter
Claudio Fasolo (born 1960), Italian former professional racing cyclist
Giovanni Antonio Fasolo (1530–1572), Italian painter
Giovanni Battista Fasolo (1598 – after 1664), Franciscan friar, organist and composer
Giulio Fasolo (born 1998), Italian football player
Lorenzo Fasolo (1463–1518), Lombard painter; also known as Lorenzo di Pavia
Mike Fasolo (born 1969), American writer
Nordic combined at the 1968 Winter Olympics consisted of one event, held from 10 February to 12 February at Autrans.


Stanisławów [staniˈswavuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. The village administration is taken care of by the officially appointed Zbiegniew Kwasniak
Kamionna [kaˈmjɔnna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciana, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Trzciana, 20 km (12 mi) south of Bochnia, and 42 km (26 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
In the course of the Josephine colonization Catholic and Lutheran Germans settled here in 1785.


Jalen Rose Leadership Academy (JRLA) is an open enrollment charter high school in northwest Detroit, Michigan. It was cofounded by Jalen Rose. It was reported in 2014 as being in partnership with the University of Detroit Mercy (UDM)..  The contract document on the school website in February 2024 indicates that it has been authorized by Central Michigan University since (at least) 2016
Kevin John Hogan (born 11 August 1963) is an Australian politician. He has been a Nationals member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing the Division of Page in New South Wales, since September 2013.
Thomas Taylor Hall (21 May 1921 – 28 January 2008) was an  Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Guasdualito is a city and episcopal see in the landlocked Apure State, in southern Venezuela.
Dental avulsion is the complete displacement of a tooth from its socket in alveolar bone owing to trauma, such as can be caused by a fall, road traffic accident, assault, sports, or occupational injury. Typically, a tooth is held in place by the periodontal ligament, which becomes torn when the tooth is knocked out.
Avulsions of primary teeth are more common in young children as they learn to move independently (walk and run) and also from child abuse. Avulsed deciduous (primary) teeth should not be replanted. Deciduous teeth are not replanted because of the risk of damaging the developing permanent tooth germ. Pulp necrosis with draining fistula, crown discoloration and external root resorption are reported consequences of primary tooth replantation. Tooth dilaceration, impaction and deviation from proper eruption path have been reported to have occurred in permanent teeth as a result of reimplantation of primary teeth.
Avulsed permanent teeth however may be replanted, i.e., returned to the socket. Immediate replantation is considered ideal, but this may not be possible if the patient suffered other serious injuries. If properly preserved, teeth may be replanted up to one hour after avulsion. The success of delayed replantation depends on the survival of the cells remaining on the root surface. Storage in an environment similar to the tooth socket can protect these cells until replantation can be attempted.
Robert Vincent Remini (July 17, 1921 – March 28, 2013) was an American historian and a professor emeritus at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He wrote numerous books about President Andrew Jackson and the Jacksonian era, most notably a three-volume biography of Jackson. For the third volume of Andrew Jackson, subtitled The Course of American Democracy, 1833-1845, he won the 1984 U.S. National Book Award for Nonfiction. Remini was widely praised for his meticulous research on Jackson and thorough knowledge of him. His books portrayed Jackson in a mostly favorable light and he was sometimes criticized for being too partial towards his subject.
Remini also wrote biographies of other early 19th century Americans, namely Martin Van Buren, Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, John Quincy Adams, and Joseph Smith. He served as Historian of the United States House of Representatives from 2005 until 2010 and wrote a history of the House, which was published in 2006.
Gareth Owen is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Oldham (Heritage № 743), as a prop, i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
"H" Is for Homicide is the eighth novel in Sue Grafton's "Alphabet" series of mystery novels  and features Kinsey Millhone, a private eye based in Santa Teresa, California. In this novel, Kinsey Millhone goes under cover to help break up an insurance fraud ring in Los Angeles led by Raymond Maldonado.  She infiltrates the ring by befriending Maldonado's former girlfriend Bibianna Diaz. In the process she meets up with a former school mate and ex cop, Jimmy Tate.
This novel earned a place on the New York Times hard-cover best-seller list just two weeks after initial publication.
The 1957 Duke Blue Devils football team was an American football team that represented Duke University as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) during the 1957 college football season. In their seventh year under head coach William D. Murray, the Blue Devils complied an overall record of 6–3–2, with a conference record of 5–1–1, and finished second in the ACC.
The Battle of Lewiston saw Major General Phineas Riall lead a combined British and Native force against the American town of Lewiston. They defeated the Americans in the area and then looted and burnt the town.
The Freeman Army Airfield Museum is an aviation museum located at Freeman Municipal Airport in Seymour, Indiana focused on the history of Freeman Army Airfield and captured Axis aircraft.
Bukovac (Cyrillic: Буковац) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Flame in All Of Us is the fourth studio album by Christian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch; the album was released on September 18, 2007 through Tooth & Nail Records. It entered the charts at No. 58 on the Billboard 200. The band recorded the album with producer Ken Andrews (Pete Yorn, Mae) in Los Angeles in spring 2007. The CD is a rendition of life's most pressing questions asked by every single person to walk the earth. A special edition of The Flame In All of Us was released simultaneously, with a DVD detailing the making of the record. This was the first time the band has let their fans in on the behind the scenes of their recording.
The Kitora Tomb (キトラ古墳, Kitora Kofun) is an ancient tumulus (kofun in Japanese) located in the village of Asuka, Nara Prefecture, Japan. The tomb is believed to have been constructed some time between the 7th and early 8th centuries, but was only discovered in 1983.
A small stone chamber, the Kitora Tomb is a little over 1 metre in height and width and about 2.4 metres long, just large enough to bury a single person. The four walls are aligned with the cardinal points of the compass, and respectively feature the Black Divine Tortoise of the North, the Azure Dragon of the East, the Red Phoenix of the South, and the White Tiger of the West. On the ceiling of the chamber there is also an astronomical chart that has been the focus of much research and debate by scholars in the field of archaeoastronomy. In addition, the 12 zodiac animals-headed figures with human body are painted on the wall, which may be one of the oldest remaining zodiac murals in East Asia.
Fragments of a lacquered wooden coffin, torn apart when the tomb was robbed, lay 5 cm thick on the chamber floor, mixed with grave goods and human bone. A gilded bronze fitting and sword decorations were discovered, both executed with superbly inlaid patterns. Based upon analysis of the bone fragments and items found in the tomb, it is believed the interred was a middle-aged or older male of aristocratic background.
The paintings have suffered the ravages of time, and, as National Treasure of Japan and World Heritage, their preservation has been accorded the highest priority. The entire tomb has been roofed over, and a series of adjoining antechambers were constructed to isolate the central chamber from temperature and humidity fluctuations, and prevent contamination by airborne mold spores and microorganisms.
1421 Esperanto, provisional designation 1936 FQ, is a dark background asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 55 kilometers (34 miles) in diameter. It was discovered on 18 March 1936, by Finnish astronomer Yrjö Väisälä at the Iso-Heikkilä Observatory in Turku, southwest Finland. The presumed C-type asteroid has a rotation period of nearly 22 hours. It was named for the artificial language Esperanto.
The 68th NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen (第68回NHK紅白歌合戦) was the 68th edition of annual NHK's Kōhaku Uta Gassen, held on December 31, 2017, live from NHK Hall (Tokyo, Japan). It was broadcast in Japan through NHK General Television (TV) and NHK Radio 1 (Radio), and worldwide through NHK World Premium and TV Japan (in US). This year, the conductor of the festival's closing theme "Hotaru no Hikari" will be replaced by Shunichi Tokura, due to the death of Masaaki Hirao on July 21, 2017.
Broadcast runs from 19:15 (JST) to 23:45 (JST), with a 5-minute break for the latest news. This is the 29th Heisei Era edition.
White team won this event with 2,237,644 votes, thus making the 37th overall victory from Shirogumi.
The Shire of Leigh was a local government area about 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia. The shire covered an area of 982 square kilometres (379.2 sq mi), and existed from 1861 until 1994.
White rider, White Rider, White Riders, etc. may refer to:

Pestilence or Conquest (there is no clear consensus), the rider of the White Horse in the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
White Rider (Skrewdriver album), a 1987 album by British white power rock band Skrewdriver
White Riders, characters in The Dark Tower novel by C.S. Lewis
The White Riders, a 1950 children's novel in the Romney Marsh series by Monica Edwards
the White Rider, a name of the character Gandalf in J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings (1954).
Mobile featured in Mobile Suit Gundam Battle Operation Code Fairy
Campus Party (CP) is a conference and hackathon.
Founded in 1997 as a technology festival and LAN party, the event was first held in Málaga, Spain, and has since been run in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Paraguay, Singapore, Spain,  the Netherlands, Uruguay and USA.
The event has evolved into an annual week-long, 24-hour-a-day festival involving online communities, gamers, programmers, bloggers, governments, universities, companies and students and covers technology innovation and electronic entertainment, with an emphasis on free software, programming, astronomy, social media, gaming, green technology, robotics, security networks and computer modeling.
Cedar Creek is a 4.92 mi (7.92 km) long 1st order tributary to the Cape Fear River in Harnett County, North Carolina.  This stream forms the southwestern boundary of Raven Rock State Park.


UNOSAT is the United Nations Satellite Centre. It is hosted at the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR), with the mission to promote evidence-based decision making for peace, security and resilience using geo-spatial information technologies. UNOSAT provides the United Nations funds, programmes and specialized agencies with satellite analysis, training and capacity development, at their request. UNOSAT also supports the UN Member States with satellite imagery analysis over their respective territories and provides them with training and capacity development in the use of geospatial information technologies.
David Díaz may refer to:

David Díaz (boxer) (born 1976), American boxer
David Díaz (basketball) (born 1964), Venezuelan basketball player
David Díaz (footballer) (born 1991), Salvadoran football attacker
David Díaz (illustrator) (born 1960), American illustrator
Dactylosaster is a genus of echinoderms belonging to the family Ophidiasteridae.
The species of this genus are found in Indian and Pacific Ocean.
Species:

Dactylosaster cylindricus (Lamarck, 1816)
Dactylosaster gracilis Gray, 1840
Lee Jesse Gamble (June 28, 1910 – October 5, 1994) was an American professional baseball player. He was an outfielder over parts of four seasons (1935, 1938–40) with the Cincinnati Reds. For his career, he compiled a .266 batting average in 342 at-bats, with 21 runs batted in. He made only one error in 135 total chances in 77 games at the outfield for a .993 fielding percentage.
He was born in Renovo, Pennsylvania and later died in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania at the age of 84.
The Quebec Games (French: 'Jeux du Québec') is a biennial multi-sport event, held every two years in the Canadian province of Quebec, alternating between the Quebec Winter Games and the Quebec Summer Games. Athletes are strictly amateur only, and represent their region.
The Games were founded in 1970. The first editions of both the Quebec Winter Games and Quebec Summer Games were held in 1971. Since 1981, they have held every odd year. Since 2009, a Quebec Games is held every year, alternating between Winter Games (odd years) and Summer Games (even years).
The 2014 Piala Sumbangsih was the 29th edition of the Piala Sumbangsih, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Malaysia Super League and Malaysia Cup. The game was played between Pahang, who beat Kelantan to win the 2013 Malaysia Cup Final, and LionsXII, champions of the 2013 Malaysia Super League. Watched by a crowd of 40,000 at Darul Makmur Stadium, Pahang won the match 1–0.
Arsthinol (INN) is an antiprotozoal agent. It was synthesized for the first time in 1949 by Ernst A.H. Friedheim by complexation of acetarsol with 2,3-dimercaptopropanol (British anti-Lewisite) and has been demonstrated to be effective against amoebiasis and yaws. It was marketed a few years later by Endo Products (Balarsen, Tablets, 0.1 g).
Among trivalent organoarsenicals, arsthinol was considered very well tolerated. Recently, it was studied for its anticancer activity.
Henry Inman (July 30, 1837 – November 13, 1899) was an American soldier, frontiersman, and author. He served the military during the Indian campaigns and the American Civil War, having earned distinction for gallantry on the battlefield. He was commissioned lieutenant general during the Indian wars. He settled in Kansas and worked as a journalist and author of short stories and books of the plains and western frontier. He was a friend and associate of Buffalo Bill and served under General Custer.
Juliane Elander Rasmussen (born 17 February 1979, in Odder) is a Danish rower. She weighs 61 kilograms, and is therefore in the lightweight class. She lives in Copenhagen.
Demetrius Comino  (4 September 1902 – 27 September 1988) was an Australian engineer, inventor, entrepreneur and philanthropist during the 20th century. He invented the slotted angle steel construction system, Dexion, which became widely used internationally for commercial shelving, storage racking, exhibition stands, accommodation, and for domestic purposes. In 1971 he founded the Comino Foundation, an educational charity.
The Kansas State Wildcats football team competes as part of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), representing the Kansas State University in the Big 12 Conference. Since the establishment of the team in 1896, Kansas State has played in 25 bowl games. This total includes six appearances in the current "New Year's Six" major bowl games (the Rose, Sugar, Fiesta, Orange, Cotton, and Peach Bowl). The team played in two Fiesta Bowls during the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) era, one Fiesta Bowl during the Bowl Alliance era, and three Cotton Bowl appearances prior to it being included in the College Football Playoff.
Kansas State's first bowl game was in 1982, under coach Jim Dickey.  The team was defeated by the Wisconsin Badgers in the 1982 Independence Bowl.
xoJane (also known as xoJane.com) was an American online magazine from 2011 to 2016 geared toward women and founded by Jane Pratt and co-published by Say Media. Pratt was the founding editor of Sassy and Jane magazines.
In less than two months from the launch date, xoJane established itself as one of Forbes' "Top 10 Lifestyle Websites for Women". Pratt served as editor-in-chief with Emily McCombs as executive editor, Lesley Kinzel as deputy editor and Mandy Stadtmiller as editor-at-large.
Pratt launched a British sister site, xojane.co.uk, in June 2012, with Rebecca Holman as editor. In March 2013, xoJane launched spinoff beauty site xoVain.
xoJane and xoVain were acquired by Time Inc. from Pratt and SAY Media in 2015. In December 2016, Time indicated that it would be folding xoJane into InStyle, following reports that Pratt was leaving Time and looking for a new owner for her web properties. In 2016, a statement from Time said that the site would redirect to InStyle.com. As of 2017 xoJane content and articles are unavailable and the xoJane site redirects to the Time, Inc. site HelloGiggles.
Enrique Javier Carreño Salvago (born 27 November 1986) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward.
Martin Riška (born 18 May 1975 in Žilina) is a Slovak former racing cyclist. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Lala-Bisa is a Bantu language of Zambia that is closely related to Bemba.
Swaka dialect is divergent, and sometimes classified as a separate language (Nurse 2003). Maho (2009) lists Biisa (Wisa), Lala, Ambo, Luano, and Swaka as distinct languages, with Ambo and Luano closest to Lala.


Marib District (Arabic: مديرية مَأْرِب) is a district of the Ma'rib Governorate, Yemen. As of 2003, the district had a population of 39,495 inhabitants.
On August 7, 2013, a US drone strike in Al-Mil, killed two Civilians including one child according to the report Death by Drone, authored by Radhya Al-Mukatawel and Abdulrasheed Al-Faqih of Mwatana, jointly with the Open Societies Foundations.
The Battle of Helsingborg was fought on 8 July 1362 between the Danish and Hanseatic fleets during the Danish-Hanseatic War (1361-1370).
The Habitat Schools Group is an international group of private schools, with three schools situated in different areas of Ajman in the United Arab Emirates.
Indraprastha Apollo Hospital is an Indian hospital owned by Apollo Hospitals group, India's largest healthcare chain. Established in 1995, it is the third super specialty tertiary care hospital set by the Apollo Hospitals Group, jointly with the Government of Delhi. It is a 695-bed hospital, with the provision for expansion to 1000 beds in future. The hospital is spread over 15 acres, and has a built-up area of 600,000 square feet.


The Delta 1000 series (also referred to as Straight-Eight) was an American expendable launch system which was used to conduct eight orbital launches between 1972 and 1975. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets. Several variants existed, differentiated by a four digit numerical code. Delta 1000 was developed by McDonnell Douglas company (now — Boeing) in 1972.
The same first stage and boosters were used on all variants. The first stage was an Extended Long Tank Thor, a further stretched version of the Long Tank Thor used on earlier versions, itself derived from the Thor missile. Four, six or nine Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to increase thrust at lift-off.  These improvements permitted the Delta 1000 series to lift 1,835 kg (4,045 lbs) to LEO or 635 kg (1,400 lbs) to GTO.
The nickname "Straight-Eight" comes from the fact that its second stage variants had the same 8 ft. (2.4 m) diameter as the first stage; previous Delta second stages were smaller in diameter. Two different second stages were flown, depending on the variant:

The Delta-F second stage, featuring the Aerojet AJ10-118G engine, was flown on three launches, with Explorer 47, 50 and 51; the Aerojet engine was flown for the (Anik A1) satellite launch (mistakenly marked as xx1x in Delta 1000 series)
The Delta-P second stage, featuring the new TRW TR-201 engine, was used for two launches each in 1973 and 1975.
Some flights used a third stage, either the Thiokol Star-37D or Star-37E, for launches beyond low Earth orbit. One probe launched by the Delta 1000 series, Delta 1913, was Explorer 49 that was placed into lunar orbit on 10 June 1973.
Delta 1000 rockets were launched from Space Launch Complex 2W at Vandenberg AFB and Launch Complex 17B at Cape Canaveral. All eight (1972–1975) launches were successful.
The Japanese N-II and H-I launch vehicles used the same Extended Long Tank Thor first stage. For the second stage, the N-II used the Delta-F while the H-I had the Japanese LE-5 engine which used liquid hydrogen and oxygen.
Myrmica rugulosa is a species of ant belonging to the family Formicidae.
It is native to Europe.
The Wavy Range is a small mountain range east of Murtle Lake in east-central British Columbia, Canada. It has an area of 102 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
The French submarine Rubis (H4, 202, P15) was a Saphir-class minelaying submarine which first served  in the French submarine force, then the Free French Naval Forces (FNFL) during the Second World War and back with the French Navy. The boat was awarded numerous awards. Accordingly, as a result of Rubis's service with the FNFL, the boat was made a companion of the Ordre de la Libération by a decree issued by General Charles de Gaulle on 14 October 1941.
Naval Station Ingleside was a United States Navy base in Ingleside, Texas.
It was on the northern shore of Corpus Christi Bay, 12 miles northeast of the city of Corpus Christi, about 130 miles south of San Antonio and approximately 170 miles southwest of Houston. This region is known as the Coastal Bend. The Naval Station was situated aside the Corpus Christi ship channel, which links the Port of Corpus Christi with the Gulf of Mexico.
NS Ingleside was one of three South Texas installations that comprise Naval Region South.
The 2023 IHF Trophy U19 – North America and the Caribbean took place in Mexico City, Mexico, from 9 to 13 December 2023. It acted as the North America and Caribbean qualifying tournament for the 2024 Women's Junior World Handball Championship and 2024 IHF Inter-Continental Trophy.
The Ruhrort–Homberg train ferry was a German train ferry on the Rhine between Ruhrort and Homberg, now districts of Duisburg.
The Refugee Studies Centre (RSC) was established in 1982, as part of the University of Oxford's Department of International Development (Queen Elizabeth House), in order to promote the understanding of the causes and consequences of forced migration and to improve the lives of some of the world's most marginalised people. Its philosophy is to "combine world-class academic research with a commitment to improving the lives and situations for some of the world's most disadvantaged people".
Helmuth F. "Helly" Orthner (March 27, 1941 – March 16, 2009) was a pioneering American scientist in the field of medical informatics. He was one of the founders of the Symposium on Computer Applications in Medical Care (SCAMC), which later grew into the American Medical Informatics Association. He was a Fellow of the American College of Medical Informatics.
Matthew Walsh or Matt Walsh may refer to:

Matthew Walsh (cyclist) (1887–1975), British Olympic cyclist
Matt Walsh (basketball) (born 1982), American former basketball player
Matt Walsh (comedian) (born 1964), American comedian and actor, founding member of the Upright Citizens Brigade
Matt Walsh (political commentator) (born 1986), American political commentator and show host for The Daily Wire
Programmatic Commerce is the phenomenon where consumers and businesses allow purchase decisions to be made on their behalf by connected devices based on pre-programmed parameters and learned preferences.
It was brought to The Netherlands by Rein Bird.
 This has been driven by the
rise of the Internet of Things and smart devices.
Mount Guernsey (69°20′S 68°14′W) is an isolated, mainly ice-covered mountain, 1,250 metres (4,100 ft) high, standing 6 nautical miles (11 km) north of the summit of Mount Edgell, on the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula. The name "Ile Guernesey" was given in 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition under Jean-Baptiste Charcot, after the island of Guernsey off the coast of France. The position of "Ile Guernesey" on the French expedition maps does not agree with that of the mountain described above, but from the narrative and sketches by Maurice Bongrain, the expedition surveyor, it has been determined that this mountain was the feature seen in 1909 by Charcot from a position near the center of the entrance to Marguerite Bay. The mountain was surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition, but no name was assigned. It was further surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1948.


Blind Date is a 1986 young adult horror fantasy novel by R.L. Stine, and while written as a standalone, it was published as the first book in Scholastic's Point Horror series. The story follows Kerry, a young man who becomes obsessed with the sexy voice of a woman on his telephone despite having never seen her.
Carassioides is a genus of cyprinid fish that occurs in East and Southeast Asia.  There are currently four recognized species.
Courts of Washington, D.C. include:
Courts of the District of Columbia

District of Columbia Court of Appeals, equivalent to a state supreme court
Superior Court of the District of Columbia, local trial court of general jurisdiction
Federal courts located in Washington, D.C.

Supreme Court of the United States, highest court in the United States
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, appellate jurisdiction
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, limited nationwide appellate jurisdiction
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, appellate jurisdiction over the Uniform Code of Military Justice
Navy-Marine Corps Court of Criminal Appeals
Coast Guard Court of Criminal Appeals
United States District Court for the District of Columbia, federal trial court
United States Court of Federal Claims, nationwide jurisdiction over monetary claims against the federal government
United States Tax Court, nationwide jurisdiction over federal income tax law
The Joint Employment Test (JET Exam) (Hindi: संयुक्त रोजगार परीक्षा) is a competitive examination in India  conducted by the JET Exam Board, an autonomous institute under Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India. By JET Exam candidates can apply for jobs like lekhpal, account officers, and other jobs provided by organisation, government departments or PSU making part of JET Exam.
James Spencer-Bell (18 April 1818 – 22 February 1872), known until 1866 as James Bell, was a British Liberal Party politician. He was a member of parliament (MP) for Guildford from 1852 until 1857.
Salma Abdul Razzaq al-Malaika (Arabic: سلمى الملائكة; c. 1908–1953) was an Iraqi poet. She wrote under the pen name Umm Nizār about women's rights and patriotism in Iraq. Her first published poem was an elegy for Iraqi poet Jamil Sidqi al-Zahawi. A collection of her poetry was published posthumously in 1965 as The Song of Glory (Unshūdat al-Majd). Her daughter was the poet Nazik al-Malaika.


Shōchō (正長) was a Japanese era name (年号, nengō, "year name") after Ōei and before Eikyō, from April 1428 until September 1429. The reigning emperors were Shōkō-tennō (称光天皇) and Go-Hanazono-tennō (後花園天皇).
Sir Francis Henry Laking, 1st Baronet,  (9 January 1847 – 21 May 1914) was an English physician who was Surgeon-Apothecary in Ordinary to Queen Victoria, and Physician-in-Ordinary to King Edward VII and King George V.
The Spell is a 1998 novel by British author Alan Hollinghurst.
The  δ-opioid receptor, also known as delta opioid receptor or simply delta receptor, abbreviated DOR or DOP, is an inhibitory 7-transmembrane G-protein coupled receptor coupled to the G protein Gi/G0 and has enkephalins as its endogenous ligands. The regions of the brain where the δ-opioid receptor is largely expressed vary from species model to species model. In humans, the δ-opioid receptor is most heavily expressed in the basal ganglia and neocortical regions of the brain.


The unmanned aerial photogrammetric survey is the use of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to take photos for use in photogrammetry, the science of making measurements from photographs. Instruments manufactured for UAVs could be mounted on unmanned flying platforms of various sizes and types, such as octocopters. These machines are suitable for the full geodetic survey of a study site by creating a point cloud of measurements of nearly homogeneous quality and accuracy. These detailed point clouds (of various types of data) could be used in line with orthophotos etc. to obtain a complex data system representing the study site.
Similarly to manned aerial surveys, UAVs are suitable to acquire three-dimensional digital models and orthophoto mosaics for a certain area.
The biggest downside of this technology is that these UAVs, especially the smaller ones, could survey only a smaller area.
The 2019 MAC men's soccer tournament was the 27th and final edition of the MAC Men's Soccer Tournament, a post-season college soccer conference tournament to determine the MAC champion, and the conference's automatic berth into the NCAA Division I men's soccer tournament. The 2019 edition of the tournament began on November 12 and concluded on November 17, 2019.
The lowest seeded team in the tournament, West Virginia, won the MAC title, giving the program their first MAC championship, and their first overall conference championship since 1992. It was the first year since 2011 that a team other than Akron won the MAC Tournament. Marlon LeBlanc earned his first conference championship with the program. With the title, West Virginia earned their second consecutive berth into the NCAA Tournament, and their 14th overall berth. West Virginia defeated Butler 5–1 in the opening round before losing to in-state rivals, Marshall, 1–2.
On May 12, 2020 it was announced that the 2019 edition of the tournament would be the final tournament until at least 2024. From 2020 going forward, the regular season champion would be declared the MAC champion, in part due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Prčanj (Montenegrin: Прчањ, pronounced [př̩tʃaɲ]) is a small town along the Bay of Kotor, Montenegro. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 1128 people.
It is located 5 kilometres west of Kotor, opposite to Dobrota and between the settlements of Muo and Stoliv. It was one of the most important maritime centers on the southern Adriatic throughout history.
The Rivière du Moulin (English: river of the Mill), also called Rivière Langevin, is a tributary of the Saguenay River. Its mouth is located in the Rivière-du-Moulin district, in the east of the Chicoutimi borough in Saguenay. The river is known for its urban park, the Rivière-du-Moulin park, located on its banks near its mouth.
The upper part of the Moulin river valley is served by the forest roads R0287 and by a secondary road descending part of the valley; this upper part is also indirectly served by the route 175 which passes on the west side. A few other secondary forest roads serve the "rivière du Moulin" valley, mainly for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
In addition to the urban and industrial area, crossing the Chicoutimi sector of the city of Saguenay, forestry is the main economic activity in this valley; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of the Moulin river is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from mid-December to mid-March, except in the rapids zone.
Mario Scirea (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmaːrjo ʃʃiˈrɛːa]; born 7 August 1964) is an Italian former racing cyclist.
Julian Martínez (born 9 February 1980) is a retired Spanish sprinter.
He finished seventh in the 200 metres in the 2002 IAAF World Cup. He also competed at the 2002 European Championships without reaching the final.
Martínez has managed a time of 21.00 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in July 2002 in Salamanca; and 10.46 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in September 2002 in La Laguna.
Andy Murad is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of Bellator MMA. A professional competitor since 2003, he has also formerly competed for King of the Cage.
Parannoul (Korean: 파란노을; lit. blue sunset; born 2001) is a pseudonymous South Korean shoegaze musician. He has released four solo albums: Let's Walk on the Path of a Blue Cat (2020), To See the Next Part of the Dream (2021), After the Magic (2023) and Sky Hundred (2024).
Parannoul has collaborated with other shoegaze musicians like Asian Glow of South Korea and sonhos tomam conta of Brazil, releasing the split album, Downfall of the Neon Youth (2021), and later the Paraglow EP in 2022. In 2024, he worked with the international rap group Fax Gang to make the album Scattersun.
Parannoul has also released music under other pseudonyms, including Rough and Beautiful Place (2022) as Mydreamfever, as well as several now-deleted albums as laststar. He is one of the most representative musicians in the shoegaze scene, which has emerged as a new trend in the South Korean indie music scene since 2021.
James McConnell "Mac" Anderson (August 9, 1907 in New Orleans – April 3, 1998 in Jackson County, Mississippi) was an American painter, muralist, and pottery designer and decorator, youngest of the three brothers (along with Walter Inglis Anderson and founder Peter Anderson) who collaborated at Shearwater Pottery, in Ocean Springs, Mississippi.
Lutterade (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈlʏtəˌraːdə]; Limburgish: Lötterao [ˈlœtəʀɔː]) is a district of Geleen and later Sittard-Geleen (a municipality in the southeastern Netherlands, in the province of Limburg).
Ken C. Winters (born March 31, 1953) is an American psychologist known for his research on addictive behaviors such as problem gambling. He is a senior scientist at the Oregon Research Institute (MN location), a consultant for the National American Indian & Alaska Native Addiction Technology Transfer Center, and a Research Associate Professor for the Office of Research and Economic Development at Florida International University. He previously served as a tenured professor in the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Minnesota, as a Senior Scientist with the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based Treatment Research Institute, and an adjunct faculty member in the Department of Psychology at the University of Minnesota. He was founder and director of the University of Minnesota's Center for Adolescent Substance Abuse Research for twenty-five years, and in 2013, he was named chairman of the Scientific Advisory Board of the National Center for Responsible Gaming.
A coffin is a box for interring a corpse.
Coffin or Coffyn may also refer to:
Max Creutz (8 December 1876 – 13 March 1932) was a German art historian and curator of the Museum für Angewandte Kunst Köln and the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Museum in Krefeld where he worked from 1922 until his death. In Cologne, in 1914 he was instrumental in the first exhibition of the Deutscher Werkbund, Deutsche Werkbundausstellung. In Krefeld, he succeeded in acquiring modern art exhibits, including works by Max Ernst, Wassily Kandinsky, and Alexej von Jawlensky. He included a substantial collection of art, crafts and design from the Bauhaus.
"The Pleasure Principle" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson for her third studio album, Control (1986). A&M Records released it as the sixth single from Control on May 12, 1987. Written and produced by Monte Moir, with co-production by Jackson and Steve Wiese, the song is an "independent woman" anthem about taking control of a personal relationship by refusing to settle for loveless materialism. Musically, "The Pleasure Principle" is an R&B song built around a dance-pop beat. The photograph for the single cover was shot by David LaChapelle. The song has been included in two of Jackson's greatest hits albums, Design of a Decade: 1986–1996 (1995) and Number Ones (2009).
"The Pleasure Principle" received positive reviews from music critics and was a modest commercial success. In the United States, it peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming her first single to not reach the top-ten since "What Have You Done for Me Lately". However, the single peaked at number one on the Dance Club Songs and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts. "The Pleasure Principle" reached the top 40 in most markets, but failed to match the international success of the previous singles from Control. It peaked at number 50 in Australia, number 35 in Canada and number 24 in the United Kingdom.
The accompanying music video for "The Pleasure Principle" was directed by Dominic Sena. It depicts Jackson entering a loft wearing a T-shirt and jeans to practice her dancing. She gives a solo dance performance while singing about the pleasure principle. The video was seen by critics as iconic and received two nominations at the 1988 MTV Video Music Awards, eventually winning one. "The Pleasure Principle" has been performed on many of Jackson's concert tours, most recently on the Janet Jackson: Together Again Tour (2023). It was also performed on a few promotional appearances, including at the 2006 Billboard Music Awards. In 2008, Jackson's lingerie line was named after the song.
Scrobipalpa tereskeni is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Mark I. Falkovitsh and Oleksiy V. Bidzilya in 2006. It is found in Uzbekistan.
The wingspan is 10–11 mm (0.39–0.43 in).
The larvae feed on Krascheninnikovia ceratoides.
The Waukegan River, a small river in Lake County, Illinois, is a member of the very small class of Illinois rivers that flow into Lake Michigan.  It drains part of the city of Waukegan, Illinois, including the city's historic downtown area.  The river's drainage area comprises 7,785.63 acres.  The drainage is managed by the city of Waukegan.
Geological features associated with the end of the Wisconsin glaciation ensured that most of that portion of Illinois that drains into the St. Lawrence River is covered in water.  Only a thin strip of land on the extreme northeastern coast of Illinois naturally drains into Lake Michigan and from thence to Canada.  The Waukegan River, a river of less than three miles in length, drains part of this ribbon-like strip.  Only a short distance away, the western neighborhoods of Waukegan drain into the Des Plaines River, which flows in a completely different direction.
The mouth of the river is marked by Waukegan Harbor Light.
Below is list of Afrikaans exonyms:
"Veneno" is a song by Brazilian singer Anitta from her extended play, Solo. It was written by Anitta, Tainy, Eduardo Vargas and Camilo Echeverry, and produced by Tainy and Dynell. It was released as the extended play's lead single on 9 November 2018 through Warner Music Brasil.


Matjaž Zupan (born 27 September 1968 in Kranj) is a Slovenian former ski jumper who competed for the former Yugoslavia and afterwards for independent Slovenia from 1987 to 1994. He won a silver medal in the team large hill competition at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
His best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 4th in the individual large hill event in 1987.
After his jumping days were over he a started successful coaching career. He was the coach of the Slovenian national ski jumping team from 1999 to 2006. His biggest successes were when Rok Benkovič won normal hill in World Championship in Oberstdorf and also bronze medal in same competition with Slovenian team. In 2002 he launched Slovenian eagles to the team bronze in Olympic games in Salt Lake City. After 2006 he quit his post as a coach and was replaced with Vasja Bajc. He took over Czech national team and stay there for three successful seasons. After that he quit so he could once again became head coach for his beloved Slovenia. His tenure was between 2009 and 2011. The second time the results were not so good and he was replaced with the most successful coach in Slovenian ski jumping history - Goran Janus who was his former jumper. In 2011 he became coach for the French ski jumping national team. With moderate success he coached them for two years, to the end of the 2014 Olympic cycle. On May,24th was announcement that he became new head coach of Russian national ski jumping team and their new ambitious program to launch Russia among best ski jumping nations. He was also able to choose his own assistant. He chose his countryman Matjaž Triplat. Matjaž Triplat was former head coach of Slovenian women ski jumping team.
He is engaged from Bulgarian Olympic Committee as coach of Ski jumping team of Bulgaria for 2018 Winter Olympics games.
The Managua skink (Mesoscincus managuae) is a species of skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae. The species is found in Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala.
Copa Airlines serves the following 88 destinations in 33 countries in the Americas and the Caribbean:
Marcello Guarducci (born 11 July 1956) is an Italian former freestyle swimmer.


The 1st Royal Tank Regiment (1 RTR) was an armoured regiment of the British Army. It is part of the Royal Tank Regiment, itself part of the Royal Armoured Corps and operationally under 12th Armoured Infantry Brigade.
The Dynamics were an American R&B group from Detroit, Michigan.
The Dynamics were formed in the early 1960s. Their first hit was 1963's "Misery", which formed the basis for the Who's first record, "Zoot Suit".

In the late 1960s the group was managed by Ted White, who married Aretha Franklin. The group released two full-length albums and charted three hits on the U.S. R&B charts in 1973–74.
Their first album was recorded in Memphis and featured a number of Memphis session musicians – Reggie Young on guitar, Bobby Emmons on organ, Bobby Wood on piano, Mike Leech on bass, and Gene Chrisman on drums.
"Long Peace", also described as the Pax Americana, is a term for the unprecedented historical period following the end of World War II in 1945 to the present day.  The period of the Cold War (1947–1991) was marked by the absence of major wars between the great powers of the period, the United States and the Soviet Union. First recognized in 1986, the period of "relative peace" has been compared to the relatively-long stability of the Roman Empire, the Pax Romana, or the Pax Britannica, a century of relative peace that existed between the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 and the outbreak of World War I in 1914, during which the British Empire held global hegemony.  
In the 1990s, it was thought that the Long Peace was a unique result of the Cold War. However, when the Cold War ended the same trends continued in what has also been called the "New Peace". The period has exhibited more than a quarter of a century of even greater stability and peacefulness and has also shown continued improvements in related measurements such as the number of coups, the amount of repression, and the durability of peace settlements. Though civil wars and lesser military conflicts have occurred, there has been a continued absence of direct conflict between any of the largest economies by gross domestic product; instead, wealthier countries have fought limited small-scale regional conflicts with poorer countries. Conflicts involving smaller economies have also gradually tapered off. Overall, the number of international wars decreased from a rate of six per year in the 1950s to one per year in the 2000s, and the number of fatalities decreased from 240 reported deaths per million to less than 10 reported deaths per million.
In 2012, the European Union was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize "for over six decades [having] contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe" by a unanimous decision of the Norwegian Nobel Committee.
Major factors cited as reasons for the Long Peace have included the deterrence effect of nuclear weapons, the economic incentives towards cooperation caused by globalization and international trade, the worldwide increase in the number of democracies, the World Bank's efforts in reduction of poverty, and the effects of the empowerment of women and peacekeeping by the United Nations. However, no factor is a sufficient explanation on its own and so additional or combined factors are likely. Other proposed explanations have included the proliferation of the recognition of human rights, increasing education and quality of life, changes in the way that people view conflicts (such as the presumption that wars of aggression are unjustified), the success of non-violent action, and demographic factors such as the reduction in birthrates.
In the book The Better Angels of Our Nature, Steven Pinker considers that to be part of a trend that has continued since the beginning of recorded history, and other experts have made similar arguments. While there is general agreement among experts that we are in a Long Peace and that wars have declined since the 1950s, Pinker's broader thesis has been contested. Critics have also said that a longer period of relative peace is needed to be certain, or they have emphasized minor reversals in specific trends, such as the increase in battle deaths between 2011 and 2014 due to the Syrian Civil War.
Pinker's work has received some publicity, but most information about the Long Peace and related trends remains outside public awareness, and some data demonstrate a widespread perception that the world has become more dangerous.
Point Given (March 27, 1998 – September 11, 2023) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who was the 2001 American Horse of the Year. That year, he won the Preakness Stakes,  Belmont Stakes, Haskell Invitational, and Travers Stakes, becoming the first horse ever to win four $1 million races in a row. The only time he finished out of the money was in the 2001 Kentucky Derby, where he ran fifth. Point Given was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2010.
Free World (1941–1946) was the monthly magazine of the International Free World Association, published by Free World, Inc. in New York City. It was edited by "Louis Dolivet," an émigré writer, film producer, and alleged Soviet spy born in Romania as Ludovici Udeanu with French citizenship under the alias Ludovic Brecher. Free World was militantly anti-Fascist, articulating the perspective of left-liberal Popular Front intellectuals and international political figures who supported the Allies in World War II and championed the creation of the United Nations as a successor to the failed post-World War I League of Nations.
Alongside academics and journalists from the United States, Britain, Canada, and Mexico, Free World prominently featured the voices of anti-Axis Chinese nationalists as well as exiled leaders from Spain, Italy, France, elsewhere in Europe, Brazil, Chile, and elsewhere in Latin America. An anonymous "Underground Reporter" gave regular updates on the activities of the Free French and other elements of the European resistance. The magazine's editorial position was fundamentally supportive of Soviet foreign policy, usually although not always in a subtle manner. In this respect Free World was related to publications like The Week (1933–1941), a newsletter used by British journalist and Comintern agent Claud Cockburn to wage a disinformation campaign against Nancy Astor's notorious pro-Nazi 'Cliveden set.' 
Similar to other left-liberal journals of its era, Free World combined international political analysis, book reviews, and artwork along with occasional fiction and poetry. Freda Kirchwey and others at The Nation had links to Free World, as did Michael Straight and Henry Wallace of The New Republic. It featured contributions from some on the anti-Stalinist left who later became associated with cold war liberalism, and it bore a resemblance to influential journals associated with the New York intellectuals, including The New Leader, Partisan Review, Common Sense, and Commentary (which began in 1945, followed by The Reporter (1949), Encounter (1953), and Dissent (1954)).
Starting with its first issue, Free World was billed as "A Monthly Magazine Devoted to Democracy and World Affairs." The month prior to the opening of the United Nations Conference on International Organization in April 1945, the Free World tagline was changed to "A Non-Partisan Magazine Devoted to the United Nations and Democracy." In October 1945, as the UN Charter went into effect, it became simply "A Monthly Magazine for the United Nations." Despite this title, and the extensive involvement of many editors and writers in the establishment of the new international organization, Free World was never formally connected with the United Nations.
Attracting ministers and diplomats from across the nearly fifty original UN Member States, by the start of 1946 Free World published in eight different editions in four languages: American, Mexican, French, Chilean, Chinese, Greek, Puerto Rican, and Uruguayan; Russian, Swedish, Czechoslovakian, Italian, Arabic, and British editions were "in preparation" throughout the last year of publication. Following the final issue of Free World in December 1946, Dolivet launched a new magazine called United Nations World, its first issue appearing in February 1947 (if not earlier).  He abandoned that venture in 1950, having returned to France in 1949 and subsequently being banned from reentering the United States upon suspicion of having ties to Communism. United Nations World lasted under different editorship until 1953.
Abdul Latif, FRSA (Bengali: আব্দুল লতিফ; 15 December 1954 – 20 January 2008) was a Bangladeshi-born British restaurateur and curry chef in Newcastle upon-Tyne who became famous nationwide because of his regular appearances in Viz magazine.  He was well known for his dish "Curry Hell" introduced in 1987 –  a curry reputedly so hot (Abdul Latif claimed it was "the world's hottest") that it was offered for free to patrons of his Newcastle restaurant who could finish the entire meal. The dish contained four times the amount of chilli found in a typical vindaloo.
Esteban Urquizu Cuéllar (born April 11, 1981, in Yamparáez Province) is a peasant leader, governor of Chuquisaca, and the youngest governor in Bolivia. He is affiliated with the Movement for Socialism (MAS), for which he previously served as a member of the Constituent Assembly. He won the 2010 gubernatorial election in Chuquisaca with 53.6% of the vote. Previously, he led the Chuquisaca Peasant Worker Federation. His wife is Alejandra Picha and former Prefect (a post new replaced with the governorship) of Chuquisaca. Savina Cuéllar is his aunt.
Xiao Lin (born February 22, 1978, in Sichuan Province) is a former Chinese track and field athlete who specialized in sprinting events.
She is the current Asian record holder on 4 x 100 metres relay in 42.23 s, achieved in 1997 in Shanghai during the 8th Chinese National Games with Li Yali, Liu Xiaomei and Li Xuemei.
She also holds the Chinese junior record on 100 m with a time of 11.17 s; clocked in the same competition and has a 200 m personal best of 23.27 s, set in Ningbo in April 2001.
Tokyo Metropolitan Komae High School (東京都立狛江高等学校, Tōkyō-toritsu Komae Kōtō-gakkō) is a public high school located in Komae, Tokyo, Japan. There are over 2000 male and female students at Komae from grades 10 to 12. The school was established on April 1, 1972. Komae High is a sister school of Kirrawee High School, located in Sydney, Australia. It is overseen by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Board of Education.
Henryk Jan Jabłoński (Polish pronunciation: [ˈxɛnrɨk jaˈbwɔɲskʲi]; 27 December 1909 – 27 January 2003) was a Polish historian and politician. After 1948, he became a politician of the ruling Polish United Workers' Party, as well as a historian and professor at Warsaw University. He served as head of state of the People's Republic of Poland between 1972 and 1985.


Rony Abovitz (born 1971) is an American entrepreneur. Abovitz founded MAKO Surgical Corp., a company manufacturing surgical robotic arm assistance platforms, in 2004. MAKO was acquired by Stryker Corporation in 2013 for $1.65B.
Abovitz is the founder of the Augmented Reality (AR) company Magic Leap and was its CEO from its founding in 2010. In May 2020, amid financial strife for the company, Abovitz stepped down from his position.
Jōhei (承平), also romanized as Shōhei, was a Japanese era name (年号, nengō, "year name") after Enchō and before Tengyō.  This period spanned the years from April 931 through May 938. The reigning emperor was Emperor Suzaku-tennō (朱雀天皇).
The National Agency for Disaster Countermeasure (Indonesian: Badan Nasional Penanggulangan Bencana, lit. 'Disaster Countermeasure National Agency'), abbreviated as BNPB, is the Indonesian board for natural disaster affairs. It was established in 2008 to replace the National Coordinating Board for Disaster Management (Badan Koordinasi Nasional Penanggulangan Bencana or Bakornas PB). BNPB is directly responsible to the President of Indonesia and the chairman is directly appointed by the President.


David Snell may refer to:

David Snell (composer) (1897–1967), American composer of scores for 170 films
David Snell (musician) (born 1936), British harpist, composer and conductor
David Snell (screenwriter), Australian screenwriter, see AACTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
David Rees Snell (born 1966), television actor
Dave Snell, radio play-by-play announcer
David Snell (golfer) (1933–2021), English golfer
Weightlifting at the 2007 All-Africa Games in Algiers was held between July 15–20, 2007.
Al-Kawm (Arabic: الكوم; also spelled, el-Kowm) is a village in the al-Kowm oasis in central Syria north of al-Sukhnah and south of Raqqa. The oasis also contains a series of important archaeological sites, together known as El Kowm. In 2004 the village had a population of 1,771.

During the Syrian Civil War ISIS mostly had control over this town until the SAA captured it on 14 August 2017.
Between 12-13 December 2022, ISIS militants temporarily took control of the town for day under the cover of fog following clashes near the area on 12 December, that resulted in the deaths of 6 Syrian soldiers.
Permanent junctional reciprocating tachycardia (PJRT) is a rare cardiac arrhythmia. It is a supraventricular tachycardia, and a cause of atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia (AVRT). PJRT can cause chronic tachycardia that, untreated, leads to cardiomyopathy. The cause is an accessory pathway in the heart which conducts from the ventricles back to the atria. Unlike the accessory pathway in a more common cause of AVRT, Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome, the accessory pathway in PJRT conducts slowly. This means that the associated tachycardia may be subclinical and only diagnosed at a late stage, after significant damage to the heart has been caused from prolonged and recurrent episodes of AVRT. While PJRT generally presents itself in infants, and often immediately after birth, few adults can suffer from a sudden onset of PJRT in which the degrading accessory pathway can more often than not be in a non-posteroseptal site.


Shawn Antoski (born March 25, 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League in the 1990s.
Shawn Antoski has two sons.
Havenga is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Arno Havenga (born 1974), Dutch water polo player and coach
Nicolaas Havenga (1882-1957), South African politician
Willie Havenga (1924–2008), South African footballer
Wynand Havenga (born 1965), South African darts player
Zoltan Elek is a makeup artist who won the 1985 Academy Award for Best Makeup for the film Mask, shared with colleague Michael Westmore.
He also was the creator for the makeup of Max Headroom.
Ranunculus acraeus is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family, Ranunculaceae, found in New Zealand. This rare and native species strictly grows on an alpine habitat, hence the name acraeus, meaning “on high”. The plant grows about 50 cm (20 in) in width, and is covered in beautiful, bright yellow flowers. It may be mistaken for R. piliferus but research has shown R. acraeus to be its own distinctive species.
Patagonia Union High School (PUHS), is a public high school located in Patagonia, Arizona, which serves rural eastern Santa Cruz County, Arizona, including the communities of Patagonia, Sonoita, and Elgin. PUHS is a 1A school, with an enrollment of about 90 students in grades 9–12. Its mascot is the Lobo, the Spanish word for "wolf."
Berßel is a village and a former municipality in the district of Harz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Osterwieck.
François Loos (born 24 December 1953) was appointed Minister Delegate for Industry on 2 June 2005, following a term as Minister Delegate for Foreign Trade (June 2002 to May 2005). He was Minister Delegate for Higher Education & Research in the first Raffarin government.
François Loos is a graduate from the Ecole Polytechnique, the prestigious state-run industrial and engineering school and has an engineering diploma from the Ecole des Mines. He also holds a postgraduate diploma (diplôme d'études approfondies – DEA) in mathematics.
After starting his career as an engineer with various firms in France and Germany, François Loos became a technical advisor to Pierre Pflimlin, President of the European Parliament (1984), and subsequently to Hubert Curien, French Minister of Research & Technology (1984–1985). He next joined Rhône Poulenc as Managing Director of the Thann plant, which  he ran for two years before being appointed Executive Secretary for Research (1987–1989). From 1990 to 1993, he was Chief Executive of the Lohr SA group.
In 1992 François Loos was elected Conseiller Régional (regional government representative) for the Alsace region and deputy of the Bas-Rhin département in 1993. He has been Vice-Chairman of the Conseil Régional (regional government) of Alsace since 1996. He was re-elected as a deputy in 1997 and again on 9 June 2002 (after the first election round). He chaired the Parliamentary Board of Enquiry into Industrial Hazards in France following the Toulouse disaster in 2001.
In 1994 and 1995 he was the Deputy General Secretary of the Parti Radical Valoisien, a centre-right political party. He was then promoted to National Secretary and in 1997 to National Delegate for International Affairs, followed by a term as party chairman from 1999 to October 2003. He is a founding member and a member of the political bureau of the Union for a Popular Movement, a right-wing political party.
Blag, Steal & Borrow may refer to:

Blag, Steal & Borrow (album), an album by Koopa
"Blag, Steal & Borrow" (song), an album by Koopa
2012 Regional League Division 2 North-East Region is the 4th season of the League competition since its establishment in 2009. It is in the third tier of the Thai football league system. The league winners and runners up will qualify for the 2012 Regional League Division 2 championship stage.
Mohammad Abdul Jalil (Bengali: মোহম্মদ আব্দুল জলীল; 9 February 1942 – 19 November 1989) was a freedom fighter and Mukti Bahini Sector Commander of Sector 9 during the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War. He was one of the founding members of the political party Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal.
Wiktorowo [viktɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Krzynowłoga Mała, 16 km (10 mi) north of Przasnysz, and 105 km (65 mi) north of Warsaw.
During Nazi Occupation it was part of New Berlin military training area
Hilda Simms (née Moses; April 15, 1918 – February 6, 1994) was an American stage actress, best known for her starring role on Broadway in Anna Lucasta.
Gary Clarke is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand in the 1968 World Cup.
Get the Hell is a studio album by American rock band The Supersuckers. It was released on January 14, 2014, on Acetate Records.
Émile Auguste Ouchard (24 July 1900–14 February 1969) was a French bow maker of repute and son and pupil of Émile François Ouchard. Honors & awards include the Grand Prix of the 1942 International Paris Exhibition.
Watch Me Fall is the second and final solo studio album by Jay Reatard. It was released on August 4, 2009 by Matador Records.
Riverside may refer to:


The Hills is a village in Travis County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,613 at the 2020 census, making it the largest village in Texas. It is a suburb of Austin.


The Center for Analysis and Prediction of Storms (CAPS) was established at the University of Oklahoma in 1989 as one of the first eleven National Science Foundation Science and Technology Centers.  Located at the National Weather Center in Norman, Oklahoma, its mission is the development of techniques for the computer-based prediction of high-impact local weather, such as individual spring and winter storms, with the NEXRAD (WSR-88D) Doppler weather radar serving as a key data source.
To date, the United States Medal of Honor has been awarded on 103 occasions for actions involving the use of aircraft. Awards for actions that took place in a single flight are the norm, with 74 individual aircraft accounting for 82 of the 93 medals awarded for actions while in flight (including eight dual awards representing the same aircraft). Of those 75 planes, 41 were destroyed during the MoH action, while others were lost later. In a few cases the MoH recipient survived while the plane did not (Jimmy Doolittle's North American B-25 Mitchell, as an example). The reverse also occurred: Lts. Jack W. Mathis and Robert E. Femoyer received posthumous awards while their respective Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses survived, only to be scrapped later.
Some aircraft were recognized following their crew's award but were not preserved, including Butch O'Hare's Grumman F4F Wildcat, which wasn't stricken until two and one half years after his MoH action, as well as Maj. James H. Howard's "borrowed" North American P-51 Mustang, whose identity remains a mystery. In wartime often the pressing needs for serviceable aircraft overcame their need for preservation in programs or museums that did not yet exist.
Dongcheon-dong is both an administrative and legal dong or a neighbourhood of the Gyeongju City, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea. It is bordered by Bodeok-dong on the east, Yonggang-dong and Seongdong-dong on the west, Bohwang-dong on the south and Cheonbuk-myeon on the north. Its 5.26 square kilometers are home to about 26,507 people. After the liberation of Korea, returnees from abroad were numerous; a village for them was constructed in present-day Dongcheon-dong
Dongcheon-dong has one elementary school and Gyeonghui School established for the mentally disabled.


Johannes Hoffmann von Schweidnitz (also: Johann Hoffmann; Latin: Iohannes Hoffmanus Svidnicensis; Czech: Jan Hofman ze Svídnice; c. 1375 – 15 April 1451) was a Roman Catholic theologian, Professor of Theology and Rector at both Prague and Leipzig Universities, and served as Bishop of Meissen from 1427 until his death.
The GVU Center at Georgia Tech (formerly the Graphics, Visualization and Usability Center) is an interdisciplinary research center located near Technology Square in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, and affiliated with the Georgia Institute of Technology. It was founded by James D. Foley, the Center's first director, on October 15, 1992. According to U.S. News & World Report, it is one of the best such facilities in the world. The GVU Center's current director is W. Keith Edwards, Georgia Tech alum and Professor in the School of Interactive Computing.

The GVU Center focuses on human-computer interaction, ubiquitous computing, mixed/augmented reality, computer animation/graphics, wearable computing, information visualization, educational technologies (learning sciences and technology), new media, communications, intelligent systems, human robot interaction, computer supported cooperative work, social computing, and online communities.
Piyush Tewari (born 19 May 1980) is an Indian social entrepreneur, focused on improving road safety, access to emergency medical care and urban governance across India. He is the Founder and CEO of SaveLIFE Foundation, and best known for his work to pass a Good Samaritan Law in India. In 2016, GQ Magazine named him as one of the most influential young Indians. In 2014, Tewari was featured as an expert on Satyamev Jayate, a popular TV show on social issues, hosted by actor Aamir Khan. The episode Tewari was featured in was focused on the epidemic of road accidents in India.
He is also an empaneled speaker with The Outstanding Speakers Bureau, and is the subject of "The Golden Hour", a feature documentary produced by Roma Sur and Jessica McGough of the Film School at University of Colorado, Denver, USA. He is a commentator on Road Safety in Indian media and has been covered by the New York Times, TIME Magazine, and National Geographic, among other media outlets.


Eviphis hirtellus is a species of mite in the family Eviphididae.
Tillandsia compacta is a species of flowering plant in the family Bromeliaceae. This species is native to Cuba, Hispaniola, Colombia, Bolivia, Venezuela and Ecuador.
Ricardo Mendieta (born on 19 January 1995) is a Nicaraguan professional football player who plays for Deportivo Las Sabanas and the Nicaragua national team.
He debuted internationally on 14 October 2019, scoring in the last minute of a 0–4 victory against Dominica, leading to Dominica's relegation to League C in the CONCACAF Nations League.
The Tomatlán River is a river of Jalisco, Mexico.
The Individualist is a 1995 album by Todd Rundgren, under the pseudonym "TR-i". The second of Todd's TR-I projects, following 1993's No World Order, the album saw Rundgren play all instruments during the recording sessions. Rundgren mixes uptempo numbers, studio gimmickry, and his usual ballads on this mid-1990s release.
The Enhanced CD includes interactive "play" with video experiences (on compatible computers) for every song, and listeners can play "Cast the First Stone" as a video game. "Espresso" and "Woman's World" are also interactive videos.
The lyrical content is largely political and spiritual, with Rundgren expressing his outspoken views against conservatism, particularly on "Family Values" with its slams against Dan Quayle. "Tables Will Turn" is a song about social inequity and how inevitably the situation will change. "If Not Now When" expresses anger against those who claim they want positive change but are too apathetic to act. In accordance with the humanism which has always driven Rundgren's lyrics, in "The Ultimate Crime" he sings "the ultimate crime is not to care." The funky track "Espresso (All Jacked Up)" is a catchy song about travel and having fun in life which could well have scored airplay but didn't. "The Individualist" is a laid-back track utilising rapping, as on No World Order as Rundgren reflects on his desire to see the truth of things and not be subjected to other's views of reality. It includes a humorous jab at Prince's name change: "Change my name to some funky fresh dingbat/Like 'the artist formerly known as TR-i'". "Cast the First Stone" is an example of Rundgren's heavier, more raucous electronic style. In it, Rundgren rails against moral hypocrites. It is similar in feel and sentiment to songs such as "Mammon" and "Liars" on his later Liars album but also to "Fascist Christ" from No World Order. In "Beloved Infidel", a plaintive ballad, Rundgren sings sadly of how the "weak are vilified and wicked glorified"; he awaits the return of the beloved infidel, which seems a metaphor for truth, when the 'liberation bell' will be rung. "Temporary Sanity", which has a rapped middle-eight, is a protest against the insanity of the human race's obsessions with wars and vanity.
Mylnikov (feminine: Mylnikova) is a Russian language occupational surname derived from the occupation of mylnik, soap manufacturer/vendor. The surname may refer to:

Andrei Mylnikov, Russian painter
Grigory Mylnikov, Soviet World War II pilot
Nikolay Mylnikov
Nikolay Mylnikov (painter)
Nikolai Vladimirovich Mylnikov, Russian footballer
Roman Mylnikov, Russian ice dancer
Sergei Mylnikov, ice hockey player
Alexander Petrovich Mylnikov (1952–2019), Soviet and Russian scientist, biologist.
The women's long jump event at the 1999 Pan American Games was held on July 24.
Magdalena Godelieve Hilda Aelvoet (born 4 April 1944) is a Belgian politician in Flanders. She was a provincial senator for Antwerp between 1985 and 1991 and a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives for the district of Leuven between 1991 and 1994, when she also served in the Flemish Council. She was a member of the European Parliament from 1994 to 1999, where she was the chair of the Greens. Aelvoet was appointed deputy prime minister and the Minister of Consumer Affairs, Public Health and the Environment in the Verhofstadt I government between 1999 and 2002 and became a Minister of State in 1995.
Bourke may refer to:
Faanya Lydia (Arch) Rose (born July 9, 1938) is a British-American businesswoman, conservationist, philanthropist, and explorer. She was the first woman and the first British citizen elected president of The Explorers Club.
At founding in 1904, the membership of the Explorer Club was "limited absolutely to men who [had] been in the open and the wild places of the earth." Women were not admitted until 1981, and would wait nineteen years before being considered for president. Faanya said of her election she wanted, "Not to be the first woman president, but to be the first woman to be the best man for the job."
Monobactams are bacterially-produced monocyclic β-lactam antibiotics. The β-lactam ring is not fused to another ring, in contrast to most other β-lactams.
Monobactams are narrow-spectrum antibiotics effective only against (strictly or facultatively) aerobic Gram-negative bacilli, exhibiting a high level of resistance to beta-lactamases of these organisms. Due to their narrow spectrum, monobactams can be used to treat infections by susceptible bacteria without disrupting the patient's microbiota. Monobactams are nevertheless seldom used.
 Other monobactams include tigemonam, nocardicin A, and tabtoxin.
The American dusky flycatcher (Empidonax oberholseri), or simply dusky flycatcher, is a small insectivorous passerine of the tyrant flycatcher family.
The dusky flycatcher is one of many species in the genus Empidonax. These species are very similar in appearance and behavior, and they are notoriously difficult to differentiate. The best characteristics for distinguishing these species are voice, breeding habitat, and range.
San Antone is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Dan Seals. The album charted at #24 on the Top Country Albums chart. The singles, "(You Bring Out) The Wild Side of Me", "My Baby's Got Good Timing", and "My Old Yellow Car" charted at #9, 2, and 9, respectively. This is his second album for Liberty Records. "One Friend" was later re-recorded for his 1987 album The Best, from which it was released as a single.
During the tremendous U.S. Air Force Strategic Air Command (SAC) expansion of the early and mid-fifties, bases become overcrowded, with some of them supporting as many as 90 B-47s and 40 KC-97s. The first B-52 wings were also extremely large – composed of 45 bombers and 15 or 20 KC-135s, all situated on one base. As the Soviet missile threat became more pronounced and warning time became less, SAC bases presented increasingly attractive targets. It was necessary to break up these large concentrations of aircraft and scatter them throughout more bases. Several KC-97 squadrons were separated from their parent B-47 wings and relocated to northern bases. The B-47 dispersal program was a long range one and would be affected primarily through the phase out of wings in the late fifties and early sixties.
With the B-52 force, which was still growing, dispersal became an active program in 1958. Basically the B-52 dispersal program called for larger B-52 wings already in existence to be broken up into three equal-sized wings of 15 aircraft each, with two of them being relocated, normally to bases of other commands. In essence, each dispersed B-52 squadron became a strategic wing. This principle would also be followed in organizing and equipping the remained of the B-52 force. Headquarters USAF established the entire force at 42 squadrons in 1958. Ideally, each B-52 wing would have an air refueling squadron of 10 or 15 aircraft.
By the end of 1958, SAC had activated 14 strategic wings, but only three had aircraft assigned. The others were in various stages of development, with some having only a headquarters and one officer and one airman authorized".
The compact weaver (Ploceus superciliosus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is found in the African countries of Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, and Zambia.
Helen Keen is an English alternative comedian and writer born in Yorkshire, now living in London. She suffered with SM (Selective Mutism) as a child but overcame this before becoming a comedian.


Amar Hodžić (born 22 September 1989), known by his stage name Buba Corelli, is a Bosnian rapper, songwriter, record producer and entrepreneur. He is best known for his collaborative efforts with Jala Brat, with whom he also founded their record label Imperia. 
Outside of his own musical career, Buba Corelli has also attained significant success as a producer working for well known regional artists such as Maya Berović, Milan Stanković and Severina.
Zouaves of Death (Polish: Żuawi śmierci) were a Polish military unit during the January Uprising, formed in February 1863 from volunteers in Ojców, Poland, by the Frenchman François Rochebrune (Polish: Franciszek Rochebrune). He based his formation on the French Zouaves, in which he had served during the Crimean War. The Zouaves of Death were highly regarded for their bravery, but they suffered high casualties and their numbers were severely depleted within months. The unit ceased to exist when the rebellion was defeated in 1864. After the fighting in Poland, Rochebrune returned to the French army, as a captain and later colonel.
Going-to-the-Sun Road is a scenic mountain road in the Rocky Mountains of the western United States, in Glacier National Park in Montana. The Sun Road, as it is sometimes abbreviated in National Park Service documents, is the only road that traverses the park, crossing the Continental Divide through Logan Pass at an elevation of 6,646 feet (2,026 m), which is the highest point on the road. Construction began in 1921 and was completed in 1932 with formal dedication in the following summer on July 15, 1933. Prior to the construction of the road, visitors would need to spend several days traveling through the central part of the park, an area which can now be traversed within a few hours, excluding any stops for sightseeing or construction.
The road is the first to have been registered in all of the following categories: National Historic Place, National Historic Landmark and Historic Civil Engineering Landmark. The road is approximately 50 miles (80 km) long and spans the width of the park between the east and west entrance stations. The National Historic Landmark Nomination records a slightly shorter distance of 48.7 miles which is measured from the first main intersection just outside the park's west entrance to Divide Creek in St. Mary, Montana on the east side of the park.
Kirkatron is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances by Kirk recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1975 and studio sessions from 1975 and 1976.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "Shortly after Rahsaan Roland Kirk finished his first album for Warner Brothers, he suffered a major stroke that put him out of action and greatly shortened his life. His second LP for the label was actually composed of leftovers from the earlier session plus three songs taken from an appearance at the Montreux Jazz Festival... This LP (which finds him mostly sticking to tenor), Kirk's next-to-last album, has enough highlights to make it worth searching for".
Edward Maisel (August 16, 1917, Buffalo, New York – March 21, 2008) was an internationally known writer on music and tai chi.
He went to Harvard University where he graduated magna cum laude; he was also Phi Beta Kappa. He lived in New York City for most of his life.
He wrote Charles T. Griffes: the Life of an American Composer, the first definitive and still influential biography of this major early American composer. The CD The Songs of Charles T. Griffes was produced by Maisel. The Kennedy Center's Terrace Theater presented Maisel's production of Griffes' final but unfinished masterpiece Salut au Monde.
Maisel wrote the classic Yang form of tai chi using the title Tai Chi for Health. The book was published in the early 60s and is probably the original introduction to the movement art to Western enthusiasts. His wife, Betty Cage, an administrator at the New York City Ballet, operated a tai chi class at the affiliated School of American Ballet until her death in 1999. Maisel was Director of the American Physical Fitness Research Institute and a consultant to the President's Council on Physical Fitness.
Maisel worked extensively with the Alexander Technique and wrote an introduction to a compendium of Alexander's writings he himself selected.
In his book Dr. America: The Lives of Thomas A. Dooley, 1927-1961, James T. Fisher acknowledges receipt of copies of medical files from Maisel on suspected cases of AIDS prior to 1980 (e. g. 1968 U. S. AIDS virus infection documentation). Maisel obtained the files from Robert Galagan, MD, Hawaii.
CashPool is a cooperation of a multitude of smaller or virtual German private banks, in which they mutually waive ATM usage fees for their customers. It is not an interbank network but uses the pre-existing German ATM or Maestro/Cirrus networks. With more than 3200 ATMs, the cooperating banks' ATM networks form the smallest ATM group in Germany.
The cooperation was founded in 2000. Its primary competitor in Germany is Cash Group.
Catherine ("Cathy") Tanvier (born 28 May 1965) is a former professional tennis player from France.
She peaked at No. 20 in 1984 and won one singles title and nine doubles titles on the WTA Tour.
Ting Kau Beach is a gazetted beach located at the northwest end of Victoria Harbour on Castle Peak Road in Ting Kau, New Territories, Hong Kong. The beach is managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Hong Kong Government. The beach is rated as Grade 2 by the Environmental Protection Department for its water quality.
The beach, along with Approach Beach, is one of the only two gazetted beaches in Tsuen Wan District that can "swim in Victoria Harbour". It sits beside the northern abutment of the Ting Kau Bridge, and also offers views of the Tsing Ma Bridge.
On February 9, 1986, a group of computer technicians walked out from their jobs at the tabulation center of the presidential election called by President Ferdinand Marcos, claiming they observed anomalies in the election results being reported to the public. This incident precipitated the People Power Revolution 13 days later, resulting in the end of Marcos's rule.
Boecillo is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2018, the population is 4,154.
It has its own casino, opened in 1986. It is located in the Palace of Condes de Gamazo, neoclassical building of the late nineteenth century, and was the residence of Germán Gamazo.
The Mayor is Pedro Luis Díez Ortega of the People's Party.
Its technology park is one of the most important in northern Spain. It contains different companies, including a firm that collaborates with NASA, whose director is the Spanish astronaut Pedro Duque.
Concavodontinae is an extinct subfamily of prehistoric bivalves in the family Praenuculidae.  Concavodontinae species lived from the middle Ordovician, Caradoc epoch through the late Ordovician Ashgill epoch.  Concavodontinae fossils are found in Europe and South America,  and species are thought to have been stationary attached to substrate in shallow infaunal marine water environments where they formed shells of an aragonite composition.  The subfamily Concavodontinae was named by Teresa M. Sánchez in 1999.
Antimony telluride is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Sb2Te3. As is true of other pnictogen chalcogenide layered materials, it is a grey crystalline solid with layered structure. Layers consist of two atomic sheets of antimony and three atomic sheets of tellurium and are held together by weak van der Waals forces. Sb2Te3 is a narrow-gap semiconductor with a band gap 0.21 eV; it is also a topological insulator, and thus exhibits thickness-dependent physical properties.
Lyun may refer to:

Lyun, common the Ryun, Ryan, Luan, Lynn
Lyun, common the Lian (練, 鍊, 戀, 聯, 蓮, 憐, 煉, 璉), Luan (攣), Nian (輦)
Lyun, common the Chinese Lian (surname) (連)
Luandi (攣鞮), Base Family of Liu Yuan (劉淵) the Han Zhao
Lyn (singer), South Korean singer
Bahariyeh or Behariyeh (Persian: بهاريه) may refer to:

Bahariyeh, Khuzestan
Bahariyeh, Markazi
Bahariyeh, Razavi Khorasan
Paavam Krooran is a 1984 Indian Malayalam-language Crime Thriller film, directed by Rajasenan and produced by V. Rajan. The film stars Shankar, Bhagyalakshmi (actress), Madhuri, T. G. Ravi and Captain Raju. The film has musical score by A. T. Ummer. The film is loosely inspired from the 1983 English Thriller 10 to Midnight.
Watchwraith is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in Rom #16.
Sarine Technologies Ltd is a publicly traded company that develops, produces and sells technologies for the diamond industry, including devices for the planning, analysis and grading of rough and polished diamonds. Company headquarters are located in Hod Hasharon, Israel. The company operates subsidiaries in Dalton, Israel, India, New York and Hong Kong. In 2017, Sarin India, the Indian subsidiary, opened “Sarin House” in Surat, consolidating the company's Surat-based activities in one facility.
The company is publicly traded on the Singapore Exchange (SGX) and was the first Israeli company to be listed there. In 2018, Sarine opened the Sarine Technology Lab at the Israel Diamond Exchange, and later that year opened a lab in Mumbai, India. The Sarine labs are the first diamond laboratories in the world to use diamond grading technologies based on artificial intelligence.
Blake Michael Treinen (, born June 30, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball (MLB). He played college baseball for the Baker Wildcats and the South Dakota State Jackrabbits baseball team. The Oakland Athletics selected Treinen in the seventh round of the 2011 MLB draft, making his debut with the Washington Nationals in 2014. Later in his career he would pitch for the Athletics. Treinen was an All-Star in 2018 and won the 2020 World Series with the Dodgers over the Tampa Bay Rays.
James Rogers (born May 27, 1988) is a former American football cornerback. Rogers was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).
The men's C-1 1000 metres sprint canoeing competition at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha was held on 10 and 11 December at the West Bay Lagoon.
Kızılhisar, is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Yenişehir, Bursa Province in Turkey. Its population is 235 (2022).
Voula's Offshore Cafe is a restaurant in Seattle, in the U.S. state of Washington. The restaurant has appeared on the television series Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.
Charles John Ferguson (usually known as C. J. Ferguson) (1840 – 1 December 1904) was an English architect who practised mainly in Carlisle, Cumbria.  He was the younger son of Joseph Ferguson of Carlisle, and was articled to the architect and surveyor John A. Cory.  He spent some years in partnership with Cory, but most of his career was in single-handed practice.  From about 1902 he also had an office in London.

Ferguson's output included new churches, restoration of existing churches, and work on country houses and public buildings.  The architectural styles he used were mainly Gothic and Norman Revival.  Almost all his works are in what is now Cumbria, with a few isolated commissions elsewhere.  The latter were obtained through personal contacts, for example his work for William Armstrong at Bamburgh Castle, Northumberland, and for J. J. Bibby of the Bibby Line in Shropshire.  In the Buildings of England series Ferguson is described as being "a resourceful as well as a sensitive architect".
Firmin René Desloge (17 February 1803, in Nantes, France – 20 July 1856, in Potosi, Missouri) was a U.S. businessman who founded lead mines and other mercantile businesses. He was the progenitor of the Desloge Family in America, whose Missouri business interests included fur trading, hardware, clothing, lead mining, smelting and ore trading, and distilling.
Gimpo Football Club (Korean: 김포시민프로축구단), formerly Gimpo Citizen FC, is a South Korean professional football club based in the city of Gimpo. Since 2022, they are playing in the K League 2, the second tier of football in South Korea.


Gethin Benwil Hughes was third bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of San Diego. Hughes was ordained to the diaconate in 1967 by John Thomas (bishop of Swansea and Brecon) and to the priesthood by the same bishop in 1968. He served as Bishop of San Diego from 1992 to 2005.
CSR Sarma College Ground is a cricket ground in Ongole, Andhra Pradesh. It is owned by CSR Sharma College along with Prakasam District Cricket Association and was established in 2012. The first first-class to be played there came in the 2015 Ranji Trophy when Andhra cricket team played Tripura cricket team. Till date the ground has hosted two more first-class matches in 2015 season. The ground hosted few under-19s state matches.
The ground has pavilion with a seating capacity of 1000 along with three turfs wicket and all the modern facilities.
Erwin Drèze (27 November 1960 – 18 March 2020) was a Belgian comic book artist.
Mahatma Gandhi Super Thermal Power Project  is located at Jharli village in Jhajjar district of Haryana. The coal based power project was developed by CLP India Private Limited, a subsidiary of CLP Group.
Indigenous activists in Cleveland, Ohio, have advocated Indigenous issues and rights since the early 1900s. 
After the removal of the last Native Americans from their traditional territory in Ohio in 1842, Cleveland, and the greater Cuyahoga County, had an almost nonexistent Indigenous population. However, in the early 1900s, an Osaukee man named Chief Thunderwater engaged in activism, protesting the displacement of the Erie Street Cemetery and creating the Supreme Council of Indian Nations, which advocated for Indigenous peoples' right to cross the United States–Canada border in the Supreme Court case of McCandless v. United States. 
Later in the century, the Indian Relocation Act of 1956 moved a variety of Native Americans from their different reservations in the West into Ohio, specifically metropolitan areas like Cleveland. With the resurgent population came a wave of activism, as the Cleveland American Indian center was created and the national American Indian Movement established a chapter in the city in 1970. 
Annual mascot protests in Cleveland began in 1972, with local groups AIM and the Committee of 500 Years of Dignity and Resistance participating. An important Ohio Supreme Court case, Bellecourt v. City of Cleveland, protected protestors first amendment rights in court. The Cleveland Indians ended the use of their old mascot, Chief Wahoo, in 2019 and in 2020 announced that they would consider changing their team name, in response to ongoing protests. In July 2021, the Cleveland baseball team announced their new name: The Cleveland Guardians. Mascot protests also extend to local schools in the Cleveland area, where the Oberlin School District ended their use of Indians as their mascot.
Grigori Stepanovich Zozulya (Russian: Григорий Степанович Зозуля; 1893–1973)  was a Russian artist.  He was born in Kyiv, Ukraine, and studied at Stroganov College from 1907 until 1918.  From there he studied in the Moscow studios of Alexander Rodchenko from 1919 to 1922, and with Dimitri Kardovski from 1925 to 1926.  He was primarily active in Moscow, where he began exhibiting in 1916. In 1929, he became a member of Bytie, and became most well known as a theater artist, while he also worked in graphic arts and exhibition design through the 1930s.  During the 1940s and 1950s, his focus moved towards interior design.  He died in Palanga, Lithuania.
The Arax, or Aras, is a river in the Caucasus.
Arax may also refer to:

Arax (weekly), Armenian-language newspaper in Iran
Arax Mansourian (born 1946), Armenian classical singer
Arax Airways, a defunct airline of Armenia
Arax, a fictional character in Dark Matter
Teripehagama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.


1505 Koranna, provisional designation 1939 HH, is a stony Eunomia asteroid from the central regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 21 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 21 April 1939, by South African astronomer Cyril Jackson at the Union Observatory in Johannesburg. The asteroid was named for the native Koranna people of South Africa.
The Mexico women's national basketball team, is controlled by the Asociación Deportiva Mexicana de Baloncesto ADEMEBA Mexican Basketball Association and represents Mexico in international competitions.
Martin's Mill Covered Bridge may refer to:

Martin's Mill Covered Bridge (Antrim Township, Franklin County, Pennsylvania)
Bitzer's Mill Covered Bridge or Martin's Mill Bridge, a bridge in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States
Martin's Mill Covered Bridge (Marianna, Pennsylvania)
Martin's Mill Covered Bridge (Hartland, Vermont)
An azadithiolate cofactor is an anion with the formula NH(CH2S)22−. It is used as a cofactor in the [FeFe] hydrogenases, bacterial enzymes responsible for the reversible reduction of 2 H+ to H2. As a cofactor, the two thiolate functional groups are bound to each of the two irons in the active site of the enzyme in a bridging fashion. The amine functional group serves as an acid/base to transfer H+ from the solution to the active site. The proton transfer function of this cofactor is of great importance to the activity of the hydrogenase enzyme, as H2 evolution will not occur if the amine is not present.
Chaldean language may refer to:

Ancient Chaldean language, language of Ancient Chaldeans
Chaldean language (misnomer), former misnomer for Biblical Aramaic language
Chaldean Neo-Aramaic, a name for the Suret language as used by the Chaldean Catholic Church
The Tamaqua station is a disused railway station that is located in Tamaqua, Pennsylvania. It is part of the Tamaqua Historic District.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 26, 1985, as the Reading Railroad Passenger Station-Tamaqua.
Camellia Institute of Technology, or (CIT), is a private engineering college located in Kolkata, India. It was founded in 2007 by "Camellia Educational and Manpower Development Trust". The institute is affiliated to West Bengal University of Technology and all courses are approved by AICTE.


This list includes notable journals and magazines concerned with intellectual property (IP) law and business, and their various sub-fields, such as copyright, patent and trademark laws. The list also includes official journals and gazettes of patent offices.
Mob Town may refer to:

Mob Town (1941 film), a crime film starring the Dead End Kids and the Little Tough Guys
Mob Town (2019 film), a crime drama film starring David Arquette, Jamie-Lynn Sigler, Jennifer Esposito and Danny A. Abeckaser
Gerardo Xavier Hernández Tapia (born 29 October 1968) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI. He served as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the State of Mexico. Hernandez Tapia, while city mayor and congressman was accused of corruption.
Blackwater Integrated College is an 11-16 secondary school on a restricted site with about 230 pupils though with the capacity for twice as many. Mr S Taylor is the school's current principal.
Arthur Michael Wirtz (January 23, 1901 – July 21, 1983) was an American entrepreneur. He was the founder of Wirtz Corporation, a holding company that owned Chicago Stadium, the Bismarck Hotel in Chicago, the Chicago Black Hawks, and the Chicago Bulls. He was the father of the late Blackhawks owner Bill Wirtz, as well as the grandfather of the late Blackhawks owner Rocky Wirtz, who died on July 25, 2023.
Oskar Fischer (12 April 1876 – 28 February 1942) was a Czech academic, psychiatrist and neuropathologist whose studies on dementia and Alzheimer disease were rediscovered in 2008.
Spring Canyon is a canyon and tributary creek of Alamosa Creek in Socorro County, New Mexico. Its source is at an elevation if 6,850 feet (2,090 meters), in the San Mateo Mountains to the north of Monticello Canyon at 33°35′23″N 107°34′28″W. Its mouth is at an elevation if 6,174 feet (1,882 meters) near its creek,s confluence with Alamosa Creek.
In enzymology, a tRNA (adenine-N1-)-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.36) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction

S-adenosyl-L-methionine + tRNA 
  
    
      
        ⇌
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }
  
 S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine + tRNA containing N1-methyladenine
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are S-adenosyl methionine and tRNA, whereas its two products are S-adenosylhomocysteine and tRNA containing N1-methyladenine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring one-carbon group methyltransferases.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is S-adenosyl-L-methionine:tRNA (adenine-N1-)-methyltransferase. Other names in common use include transfer ribonucleate adenine 1-methyltransferase, transfer RNA (adenine-1) methyltransferase, 1-methyladenine transfer RNA methyltransferase, adenine-1-methylase, and S-adenosyl-L-methionine:tRNA (adenine-1-N-)-methyltransferase.
Mangarivotra (formerly named: Beparasy) is a rural municipality in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Moramanga, which is a part of the Alaotra-Mangoro Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 9,000 in the 2001 commune census.
The town has both primary and junior level secondary schools. 95% of the working-age population of the commune are farmers.  The most important crop is rice, while other important products are beans and cassava.  Services provide employment for 5% of the population.
Spiranthes triloba, the panther ladies' tresses (previously sometimes green-lipped Spiranthes odorata) is a terrestrial orchid endemic to Florida.
Hugh Cecil Lowther, 5th Earl of Lonsdale,  (25 January 1857–13 April 1944) was an English peer and sportsman.
The Wechsel Pass (elevation 980 m, 3,215 ft) is a mountain pass in the Austrian Alps, located between the Bundesländer of Lower Austria and Styria.
Along with the Semmering Pass, the Wechsel Pass is one of the most important connections between Lower Austria and Styria. Until the A2 Autobahn was built in the 1980s, it was the major highway between Vienna and Graz.
LGBT people in science are students, professionals, hobbyists, and anyone else who is LGBT and interested in science. The sexuality of many people in science remains up for debate by historians, largely due to the unaccepting cultures in which many of these people lived. For the most part, we do not know for certain how people in the past would have labelled their sexuality or gender because many individuals lived radically different private lives outside of the accepted gender and sexual norms of their time. One such example of a historical person in science that was arguably part of the LGBT community is Leonardo da Vinci, whose sexuality was later the subject of Sigmund Freud's study.
Stéphane Chaudesaigues is a French professional tattoo artist operating out of Versailles, France. His artwork has appeared in many publications, such as "Customizing the body: the art and culture of tattooing", which credits him as a pioneer of the photorealistic tattoo style. In 2012 Chaudesaigues created the Chaudesaigues Award, which recognizes the career and the artistic choices of a tattoo artist.
Wonju Gymnasium is an arena in Wonju, South Korea. It is the home arena of the Wonju DB Promy of the Korean Basketball League. The complex includes above-ground and basement parking space as well as the team's training facilities and clubhouse, which is connected to the arena via a special underground walkway.
Prior to the opening of the Wonju Gymnasium, Wonju DB Promy had played at the outdated and much-maligned Chiak Gymnasium and did not have its own dedicated training ground and facilities. Its players infamously had to work out at local neighborhood gyms. The lack of funding from the pre-Dongbu Insurance era meant that the Chiak Gymnasium was never renovated to meet modern-day standards despite drawing some of the biggest game-day crowds among the KBL teams. The Wonju municipal government agreed to invest ₩5 billion into the construction of a new purpose-built arena. It opened in time for the 2013–14 season.
Sphaenorhynchus bromelicola, the Bahia lime treefrog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It is endemic to eastern Brazil and only known from its type locality near Maracás, Bahia. It is similar to Sphaenorhynchus orophilus.
It lives in terrestrial bromeliads on the forest edge and in open areas. The tadpoles develop in permanent pools. It is abundant at the type locality. Potential threats to this species include habitat loss caused by agriculture, wood plantations, logging, collection of bromeliads and human settlement, though data is insufficient to grant it conservation status.
Carmila railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia. It serves the town of Carmila. Opposite the single platform lie a crossing loop and siding.


Edwin Luther Sibert (March 2, 1897 – December 16, 1977) was a United States Army officer with the rank of major general and served as intelligence officer during World War II and post-war Europe, where he assisted in the creation of the Gehlen Organization. He would return to the United States and briefly serve in the Central Intelligence Group, the forerunner of the modern CIA. He was the son of Major General William L. Sibert and the brother of Major General Franklin C. Sibert. A graduate of the United States Military Academy in 1918, he would receive the Distinguished Service Medal three times for his service during World War II and the Cold War.
Piz Fess is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated between the Val Lumnezia and Safiental in the canton of Graubünden. Piz Fess is the culminating point of the Signina range (Romansh: Cadeina dil Signina).
The mountain has two summits, a gentle summit named the Guter Fess ("Good Fess"; 2,874 m) and a not so gentle one named Böser Fess ("Angry Fess"; 2,880 m). In 1894 the pinnacle was still described as unclimbable, but the next summer Karl Viescher from Basel and the local guides Wieland Wieland and J. Christoffel reached the sharp summit.


The White Rock Wildlife Management Area (WMA) was designated in 1976 as 280,000 acres (110,000 ha) of protected area within the boundaries of the Ozark National Forest. The WMA is owned by the U. S. Forest Service and managed under the provisions of a Memorandum of Understanding by the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission, and is situated in the Boston Mountains of Northwest Arkansas.
Armando Ibáñez Correa (born 3 April 1973) is a Bolivian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder. He is the current manager of 24 de Septiembre.
Magomedgasan Mingazhutdinovich Abushev (Kumyk: Muhammadhasan Abuş; born 10 November 1959) is a Kumyk retired featherweight freestyle wrestler from Dagestan. Competing for the Soviet Union he won gold medals at the 1980 Olympics and 1980 European Championships.
Abushev took up wrestling in 1971, and won world junior titles in 1977 (flyweight) and 1979 (featherweight). He won his only Soviet title in 1984 as a lightweight. Earlier in 1981 he graduated in economics from the Dagestan State University and after retiring from wrestling became a businessman in Dagestan. From 1994 to 1998 he worked at the Derbent Oil Depot, and in 1998–2003 was the deputy head of the cognac-producing company Dagvino. In 2003 he became an auditor of the Accounts Chamber of Dagestan.
Goldblum (Yiddish: גאָלדבלום, Hebrew: גּוֹלְדְבְּלוּם) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Amiram Goldblum (born 1945), Israeli chemist and activist
Jeff Goldblum (born 1952), American actor
Paul Séamus Reynolds (4 October 1949 – 23 May 2010) was a New Zealand internet advocate in the cultural sector. He was an early advocate of IT systems and the Internet in the cultural sector in New Zealand.
Herbert G. Chambers (born November 24, 1941) is an American billionaire businessman, owner and president of The Herb Chambers Companies, a group of 60 car dealerships in the greater Boston, Massachusetts area.  In 2015, at the age of 74, he was named as one of the 400 richest Americans, ranking number 392, with an estimated $1.8 billion, by Forbes magazine.


Fractal analysis is useful in the study of complex networks, present in both natural and artificial systems such as computer systems, brain and social networks, allowing further development of the field in network science.
"100 Grandkids" is a song recorded by American rapper Mac Miller for his third studio album GO:OD AM (2015). It was released on August 7, 2015, by Warner Bros. Records as the lead single from Miller's major label debut album. The song is divided into two parts: "Grandkids", produced by Sha Money XL, and "100 Grand" produced by ID Labs.
Brent Guy (born September 5, 1960) is an American college football coach and former player. Guy served as the defensive coordinator for Florida International University. Guy also served as head football coach at Utah State University from 2005 to 2008, compiling an overall record of nine wins and 38 losses.
Nikos Salikas (Greek: Νίκος Σαλίκας; 28 October 1940 – 21 June 2022) was a Greek politician.
A member of New Democracy, he served in the Hellenic Parliament from 1989 to 1993.
Salikas died on 21 June 2022 at the age of 81.


Bernard La Jarrige (25 February 1912 – 29 May 1999) was a French film and television actor. His name is sometimes written as Bernard Lajarrige.
The Shrine at Odero Lal (Urdu: اوڈیرو لال درگاہ; Sindhi: اڏيرو لال درگاه‎), also spelt Udero Lal, is a joint Muslim-Hindu shrine located in the village of Odero Lal, near the city of Tando Adam Khan in the Pakistani province of Sindh. The shrine is notable as it is jointly used for worship by members of both faiths, while both communities also display reverence for the nearby Indus River at the shrine.
The 2012 Mini Challenge season was the eleventh season of the Mini Challenge UK. The season started on 14 April at Silverstone Circuit and ended on 7 October at Donington Park. The season featured seven rounds across the UK.
Española Valley High School (EVHS) is a Title-1 public senior high school of the Española Public Schools District, located in Española, New Mexico. Nearly 97% of the student body is made up of minority enrollment.
The school's athletic teams are referred to as the Sundevils, which is also the school's mascot.
Mesohippus (Greek: μεσο/meso meaning "middle" and ιππος/hippos meaning "horse") is an extinct genus of early horse. It lived 37 to 32 million years ago in the Early Oligocene. Like many fossil horses, Mesohippus was common in North America. Its shoulder height is estimated at 60 cm.
A cricket team representing the Sussex Cricket Board played eight List A cricket matches between 1999 and 2002. This is a list of the players who appeared in those matches.

Steven Ades, 5 matches, 2000–2001
Danny Alderman, 6 matches, 1999–2001
George Campbell, 7 matches, 2000–2002
Brian Chambers, 1 match, 1999
Dominic Clapp, 2 matches, 2000
Andrew Cornford, 3 matches, 2001–2002
Ian Cox, 1 match, 1999
Nicholas Creed, 3 matches, 2000–2002
Jason Finch, 3 matches, 2001–2002
Richard Halsall, 5 matches, 2000–2001
Michael Harrison, 1 match, 2002
Marc Hazelton, 1 match, 2001
Andrew Hodd, 1 match, 2002
Carl Hopkinson, 2 matches, 2001
David Hussey, 3 matches, 2001
Kashif Ibrahim, 2 matches, 2000
Richard Jackson, 4 matches, 2001
Shane Jurgensen, 1 match, 1999
Chris Mole, 5 matches, 1999–2002
John Morgan, 7 matches, 2000–2002
Jonathan Newell, 1 match, 1999
Mark Newell, 1 match, 1999
Andrew Perry, 1 match, 2002
Matt Prior, 1 match, 2000
Stuart Simmonds, 1 match, 1999
Bradley Smith, 1 match, 1999
John Snashall, 2 matches, 2001
Hugo Southwell, 3 matches, 2000–2001
Paul Stevens, 8 matches, 1999–2002
Neil Turk, 1 match, 2002
Nick  Weekes, 1 match, 2001
Andrew Winstone, 1 match, 2001
Michael Yardy, 3 matches, 1999–2000
Joseph Charles (born 1944) is an American politician.
Joseph Charles may also refer to:

Count Palatine Joseph Charles of Sulzbach (1694–1729)
Joseph Charles (tennis) (1868–1950), American tennis player, see Tennis at the 1904 Summer Olympics – Men's singles
I'll Leave It to You is a play by Noël Coward. He wrote it in 1919, when he was aged 19, and it was produced in Manchester and then the West End of London in 1920.
Described as "a light comedy in three acts", the play portrays an uncle's successful stratagem to provoke his idle nieces and nephews into working hard and making careers for themselves.
PAE Motorsport was a V8 Supercar team that contested the 1999 V8 Supercars Series
Skrzyszew [ˈskʂɨʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Radzyń Podlaski and 68 km (42 mi) north of the regional capital Lublin.
Gloria Parmentier (born March 22, 1958) is an American sports shooter. She competed in the women's 50 metre rifle three positions event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
The siege of Chencang was a battle fought between the states of Shu Han and Cao Wei between December 228 to early 229 during the Three Kingdoms period in China. It was the second of the Northern Expeditions led by Shu-Han's chancellor-regent, Zhuge Liang, to invade Wei. It was part of an attempt to divert Wei forces away from Jing Province following the Battle of Shiting between Wei and Shu's ally state, Eastern Wu. The siege came to an end when Shu forces retreated after failing to capture Chencang.
Superior Ink is a residential complex located in Manhattan, composed of a seventeen-story condominium building, and nine town houses. Construction was completed in 2009, and the complex was developed by The Related Companies. Robert A.M. Stern Architects designed the buildings.
Folkestone power station supplied electricity to the Borough of Folkestone and the surrounding area from 1898 to 1960. The power station was built by the Folkestone Electricity Supply Company Limited which operated it until the nationalisation of the British electricity industry in 1948. It was redeveloped in the 1920s to meet the increased demand for electricity.


Mario Rosemblatt is a Chilean immunologist. His research established that dendritic cells are responsible for imprinting the tissue-specific homing of T lymphocytes. He is currently Executive Director of Fundacion Ciencia para la Vida (FCV), a non profit institution that carries out scientific and technological research. He is Immunology Professor at the University of Chile and Universidad San Sebastián (2008), He received The Academic Excellence Award - Faculty of Sciences - University of Chle (2008) and the Basic Science Mentee/Mentor Award from The Transplantation Society, USA, among other Awards.
Uyuni Municipality is the first municipal section of the Antonio Quijarro Province in the Potosí Department in Bolivia. Its seat is Uyuni.
Krishnamurthy Perumal (born 26 September 1943) is a two-time Olympic medalist in field hockey and Arjuna Award winning sportsman for India. He hails from the city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu. En route to the Indian national hockey team, he played for teams such as the ICF (Integrated Coach Factory), Tamil Nadu and Indian Airlines. He has served Indian and Tamil Nadu hockey with distinction in various roles – as a player, manager and coach. He served as the president of Tamil Nadu Hockey Association. For his dedication and excellence in his sport, he was honored with what was then, India's highest accolade for a sportsman – the Arjuna Award – in 1971.
Vladimir Pavlovich Barmin (Russian: Владимир Павлович Бармин; 4 March [O.S. 17 March 1909] 1909 – 17 July 1993) was a Russian engineer in the former Soviet space program who is remembered for being the designer of the first Soviet rocket launch complexes in the Soviet space program.
An asteroid, 22254 Vladbarmin, was named in his honor.


Marzu (Persian: مرزو, also Romanized as Marzū; also known as Mazrū) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7, in 4 families.
Saint-Jean-de-Thurigneux (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ ʒɑ̃ də tyʁiɲø]; Arpitan: Sent-Jian-de-Toregniô) is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Dan Massey (December 26, 1942 – January 28, 2013) was an American LGBT rights/sexual freedom activist, scientist, author, blogger, and fundraiser based in Washington, D.C. He was a co-founder and CEO of VenusPlusX.
A graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University Graduate School, he spent most of his professional life trying to make peoples' lives better through technology. He and his life partner of 35 years, Alison Gardner, were known for their work "revealing to the public a new concept of the intrinsic value of sex and gender expression, of personal erotic freedom, to replace millennia of unreasoned ignorance, fear, and hatred with the true joy of Love." Through his blog and archived papers on VenusPlusX.org, Massey attempted to provide a vision of the values of the New Age from varied perspectives.
On January 28, 2013, Massey died following a brief battle with cancer.
Zwölfaxing is a municipality in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Eilsum is a village in the region of East Frisia, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is part of the municipality of Krummhörn. The village is located to the north of Jennelt and to the west of Grimersum.
Eilsum was first mentioned in documents around 1300 under the names Edelsum, Ethilsum and Edelsheim. These names could also be found in the parish register of Münster at the end of the 15th century.
Eilsum was built on a warft. On this warft now stands a rather large church, the Church of Eilsum, which dates from the 13th century.
Antonio Vagnozzi (born 1950) is an amateur Italian astronomer and a discoverer of asteroids.
Courcelles-la-Forêt (French pronunciation: [kuʁsɛl la fɔʁɛ]) is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Szydłowo [ʂɨˈdwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Trzemeszno, 23 km (14 mi) east of Gniezno, and 71 km (44 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
Larkhall was a ward in the London Borough of Lambeth, from 1965 to 2022.
It was represented locally by Labour councillors Andy Wilson, Tina Valcarcel and Tim Windle. Prior to her entry to Parliament, it was represented by Marsha de Cordova MP. It was one of eight wards in the Vauxhall constituency represented at national level by Florence Eshalomi MP.
Gillian R. Evans is a British philosopher, and emeritus professor of medieval theology and intellectual history at University of Cambridge.
Evans was educated at King Edward VI High School for Girls, Birmingham, followed by a degree in history from St Anne's College, Oxford, and a postgraduate diploma in education. She earned her PhD from  Reading University writing about Anselm of Canterbury.
In 2002, Evans was appointed professor of medieval theology and intellectual history at Cambridge University.
The Marvel Saga: The Official History of the Marvel Universe was a comic book series which attempted to condense the first 25 years of Marvel Universe events into a sequential, narrative story.
Tickle Me Pink was an American rock band from Fort Collins, Colorado, signed to Wind-Up Records. The band was made up of Sean Kennedy (lead vocals, bass guitar), Stefan Runstrom (drums), Joey Barba (guitar) and Steven Beck (guitar, vocals). After independently releasing their first two EPs, If Only We Were Twenty One and Up (2005) and Half Seas Over (2006), the band released its first album, Madeline, on July 1, 2008. The album's release coincided with the death of bassist Johnny Schou, reportedly due to a heroin overdose. Schou was replaced by Joey Barba, a longtime friend of the band.
Tickle Me Pink officially played their last show together on March 5, 2011. The band left a Twitter message to their fans the following day saying, "Farewell all. We love you and will never forget you. -TMP". Kennedy then assembled a new band, Talisker Skye, and both Beck and Runstrom have played in the Wiredogs.
The band announced two reunion shows in August 2016, one at Fort Collins' annual Bohemian Nights at NewWestFest.
Bounty is a coconut-filled, chocolate-enrobed candy bar manufactured by Mars, Incorporated, introduced in 1951 in the United Kingdom and Canada. It is a direct emulation of the Mounds bar introduced by Peter Paul in 1936, and also copies the milk chocolate enrobing of Hershey's Almond Joy, introduced in 1948. It is no longer domestically sold within the United States, only being available via import sales.
Floyd is an unincorporated community  and census-designated place (CDP) in western White County, Arkansas, United States. It was first listed as a CDP in the 2020 census with a population of 377. The rural community is situated along Highways 31 and 305, in addition to the county-maintained El Paso Road. Though relatively small, the community maintains a variety of activities and institutions throughout the year, notably its annual parade and display of fireworks during Independence Day.
Wiktoryna Józefa Bakałowiczowa, née Szymanowska (17 October 1835 — 30 October 1874) was a Polish theatre actress.
She was a well established female actress, who was said to earn as much as 10 rubles per performance.
In 1856, she married the painter Władysław Bakałowicz, and had a son named Stefan Bakałowicz in 1857. He also became a painter.
The 1985 Canadian federal budget for fiscal year 1985-1986 was presented by Minister of Finance Michael Wilson in the House of Commons of Canada on 23 May 1985. This is the first federal budget under the premiership of Brian Mulroney, and generally increased taxes.
Samuel Kirkland Lothrop (born in Utica, New York, 13 October 1804; died in Boston, Massachusetts, 12 June 1886) was an American clergyman. He was graduated at Harvard in 1825, and at the Harvard Divinity School in 1828. In 1829 he was ordained pastor of the Unitarian church in Dover, New Hampshire, and on 17 June 1834, took charge of the Brattle Square Church in Boston, Massachusetts. The degree of D.D. was conferred on him by Harvard in 1852. He was a delegate to the state constitutional convention of 1853. His society moved to a new building in 1873, but dissolved in 1876, when Lothrop resigned the pastorate. He was a member of the Boston School Committee for 30 years, and chairman of its committee on the English high school for 26. Among his literary works are a life of his grandfather, Samuel Kirkland, included in Jared Sparks' American Biography, and a History of Brattle Square Church. His grandmother was Jerusha Bingham Kirkland.
Alcithoe fissurata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.

Subspecies

Alcithoe fissurata crassa Bail & Limpus, 2005
Alcithoe fissurata elegans Bail & Limpus, 2005
Alcithoe fissurata fissurata (Dell, 1963)
The Companion Guide to Rome is a composition for string trio by the American composer Andrew Norman.  The complete work was first performed on May 30, 2010, by the Scharoun Ensemble at Radialsystem V in Berlin.  The composition was a finalist for the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Music.
Beddington is a suburban settlement in the London Borough of Sutton on the boundary with the London Borough of Croydon.  Beddington is formed from a village of the same name which until early the 20th century still included land which became termed entirely as Wallington. The latter was in the 13th century shown on local maps as Hakebrug, and named after a bridge on the River Wandle. The locality has a landscaped wooded park at Beddington Park – also known as Carew Manor; and a nature reserve and sewage treatment works in the centre and to the north of its area respectively. The population of Beddington according to the 2011 census is 21,044.
Beddington forms part of the Carshalton and Wallington constituency, which is represented in Westminster by Conservative Elliot Colburn. Of the six councillors that Beddington elects to Sutton Council (from the wards Beddington North and Beddington South), three are Liberal Democrats and three are Independents.
Southern Heritage Festival was a two-day music, arts, and culture festival dedicated to the African American population of Birmingham, Alabama. It was held from 2004 to 2006. The festival took place on the site of the future Railroad Reservation Park along Birmingham's "Railroad Reservation" corridor on the first weekend of August. Music styles include hip hop, Old school hip hop, classic R&B, and Gospel.
Daniela Ivanova is a Latvian weightlifter. She won the silver medal in the women's 76 kg event at the 2022 European Weightlifting Championships held in Tirana, Albania. She won the bronze medal in the women's 76 kg event at the 2023 European Weightlifting Championships held in Yerevan, Armenia.
Ivanova won the silver medal in her event at the 2022 Junior World Weightlifting Championships held in Heraklion, Greece. She competed in the women's 76 kg event at the 2022 World Weightlifting Championships held in Bogotá, Colombia.
SS Cristoforo Colombo (Italian pronunciation: [kriˈstɔːforo koˈlombo]) was an Italian ocean liner built in the 1950s, sister ship of the SS Andrea Doria.


In the Catholic Church, an association of the Christian faithful or simply association of the faithful (Latin: consociationes christifidelium), sometimes called a public association of the faithful, is a group of baptized persons, clerics or laity or both together, who, according to the 1983 Code of Canon Law, jointly foster a more perfect life or promote public worship or Christian teaching, or who devote themselves to other works of the apostolate.
A 20th-century resurgence of interest in lay societies culminated in the Second Vatican Council, but lay ecclesial societies have long existed in forms such as sodalities (defined in the 1917 Code of Canon Law as associations of the faithful constituted as an organic body), confraternities (similarly defined as sodalities established for the promotion of public worship), medieval communes, and guilds.
Pacha Velicham (transl. Green Light) is a 1985 Indian Malayalam-language film,  directed and produced by M. Mani. The film stars Shankar, Madhu, Sukumari, Adoor Bhasi and Sankaradi. The film has musical score by Shyam.
The House of Abashidze (Georgian: აბაშიძე) is a Georgian family and a former princely house. Appearing in the 15th century, they achieved prominence in the Kingdom of Imereti in western Georgia in the late 17th century and branched out in the eastern Georgian kingdoms of Kakheti and Kartli as well as the then-Ottoman-held southwestern region of Adjara. After the Russian annexation of Georgian polities, the family was confirmed as Knyaz Abashidze (Russian: Абашидзе) by the Tsar’s decree of 1825.
Refuge Nacamuli au col Collon is a refuge in the Alps in Aosta Valley, Italy.
Hugh Lamont Douglas (born August 23, 1971) is an American former professional football player who was a defensive end in the National Football League (NFL). His playing career included stints with the New York Jets, Philadelphia Eagles (twice), and the Jacksonville Jaguars. In his first season in 1995, Douglas was named Defensive Rookie of the Year by the Associated Press. He is affectionately known as Turbo Bird.
Douglas currently hosts the 94.1 WIP Midday Show in Philadelphia. He previously served as a football analyst for ESPN.
Arasalamkarambai is a very small village in Peravurani taluk, Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. Total geographical area of the village is 320.98 hectares.
Heikki Palmu (born in 1946) is a Finnish writer and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 1970.
Comberbach is a civil parish in Cheshire West and Chester, England.   Apart from the village of Comberbach, the parish is entirely rural, and contains six buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England as designated listed buildings.  The buildings are all domestic or related to farming.
Albert Park is a baseball field that is now home to the San Rafael Pacifics. The Pacifics are a member of the Pecos League, an independent professional baseball league not affiliated with Major League Baseball. The park opened March 18, 1951, on land donated by businessman and local entrepreneur Jacob Albert, in 1937. In the early 1950s, Yankee infielder and future legendary skipper Billy Martin would bring a bunch of the best semipro players from his side of the bay over the Albert Park for a weekend. The field measurements are 325′ (99 m) on the left- and right-field lines and 370′ (113 m) in center field.


In music, "noise" has been variously described as unpitched, indeterminate, uncontrolled, convoluted, unmelodic, loud, otherwise unmusical, or unwanted sound, or simply as sound in general. The exact definition is often a matter of both cultural norms and personal tastes. Noise is an important component of the sound of the human voice and all musical instruments, particularly in unpitched percussion instruments and electric guitars (using distortion). Electronic instruments create various colours of noise. Traditional uses of noise are unrestricted, using all the frequencies associated with pitch and timbre, such as the white noise component of a drum roll on a snare drum, or the transients present in the prefix of the sounds of some organ pipes.
The influence of modernism in the early 20th century lead composers such as Edgard Varèse to explore the use of noise-based sonorities in an orchestral setting. In the same period the Italian Futurist Luigi Russolo created a "noise orchestra" using instruments he called intonarumori. Later in the 20th century the term noise music came to refer to works consisting primarily of noise-based sound.
In more general usage, noise is any unwanted sound or signal. In this sense, even sounds that would be perceived as musically ordinary in another context become noise if they interfere with the reception of a message desired by the receiver. Prevention and reduction of unwanted sound, from tape hiss to squeaking bass drum pedals, is important in many musical pursuits, but noise is also used creatively in many ways, and in some way in nearly all genres.
The Good Earth is a 1937 American drama film about Chinese farmers who struggle to survive. It was adapted by Talbot Jennings, Tess Slesinger, and Claudine West from the 1932 play by Owen Davis and Donald Davis, which was in itself based on the 1931 novel of the same name by Nobel Prize-winning author Pearl S. Buck. The film was directed by Sidney Franklin, with uncredited contributions by Victor Fleming and Gustav Machaty.
The film stars Paul Muni as Wang Lung. For her role as his wife O-Lan, Luise Rainer won an Academy Award for Best Actress. The film also won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for Karl Freund.  It was nominated for Best Director, Best Film Editing, and Best Picture. Its world premiere was at the elegant Carthay Circle Theatre in Los Angeles.
Minuscule 751 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε380 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament written on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. The manuscript has no complex contents. Scrivener labelled it as 739e.
Bethel Coopwood (1827–1907) was a notable frontier figure of the American Southwest. He was born in Alabama, moved to Texas, was soldier in the Mexican–American War, and an officer in the Confederate Army in the American Civil War. He also was a lawyer, judge, and later a historian.
Federica Scolari (born 1 April 1988 in Brescia, Italy) is an Italian dressage rider. Representing Italy, she competed at the 2014 World Equestrian Games and at two European Dressage Championships (in 2013 and 2015).
Her current best championship result is 12th place in team dressage at the 2013 Europeans held Herning while her current best individual result is 57th place from the same championships.
Path Press is a non-profit entity, which handles legal matters and holds the copyrights of all Ven. Ñāṇavīra Thera's writings together with some the writings from others; Path Press Publications is an independent non-profit publisher of books by Ven. Ñāṇavīra Thera and the writings of Samanera Bodhesako. It has its office in the Netherlands.
The Path Press is also a society whose goal is to explain and spread the doctrine of the Buddha. It was founded in Sri Lanka in 1987 by Samanera Bodhesako.  Originally conceived as a limited effort to publish Clearing the Path but later become an entity who is holding copyrights of writing of Ñāṇavīra Thera and it consist of the small group of 4 bhikkhus and 5 layman (upāsakas) who are aspiring to make late Ven. Ñāṇavīra Thera's teachings more available for those who are interested.
Mao Wanchun (Chinese: 毛万春; born October 1961) is a Chinese politician who is the current chairman of the Hunan Provincial Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. He served as Chairman of the Hainan Provincial Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference from January 2018 to January 2023. He was formerly Chinese Communist Party Deputy Committee Secretary of Shaanxi province. Mao spent much of his early career in his native Henan province, where he served as Party Chief of Luoyang.
Karchovsko is a village in Kirkovo Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.
Gifts (2004) is a young adult fantasy novel by Ursula K. Le Guin. It is the first book in the Annals of the Western Shore trilogy, and is followed in the series by Voices. The story is set in a fictional world, in a barren and poverty-stricken region called the Uplands, some of whose inhabitants have hereditary magical gifts. The story follows the narrator Orrec, son of the leader of the domain of Caspromant, whose hereditary gift is the ability to "unmake", and Gry, the daughter of a neighboring domain, who can communicate with animals. Orrec's gift manifests late, and seems uncontrollable, and so he is blindfolded. Their families are caught up in the cycle of violent feuds and retribution that characterize Upland society in which the children are trying to find their place.
The novel explores themes of violence and the abuse of power, as well as of coming of age. The protagonists have a recurring struggle to make choices they are comfortable with. Their moral development takes place within the harshness of the Upland culture, contrasted with examples of kindness and altruism. It has been described as sharing themes of dreamworlds and choices with a number of other works by Le Guin, such as the Earthsea cycle, The Beginning Place, and "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas". It also shares similarities with Maurice Sendak's book Where the Wild Things Are, while Orrec's transformation in the novel has been compared to the biblical story of Jonah. 
Gifts won the PEN Center USA 2005 Children's literature award. It was very well received by critics, who praised the characterization of Orrec and Gry as "unique, thoughtful young rebels". The writing of the book was also praised as being lyrical or poetic, while the themes of misused power and coming of age were also described positively.
The Colombo Swimming Club  is a swimming club in Colombo, Sri Lanka, founded in 1938. It is one of the premier clubs in Sri Lanka.
Asura metahyala is a moth of the family Erebidae. It is found on the Philippines.
Norwood Gardens is a small planned community in Astoria, Queens, bounded by 35th, 36th and 37th Streets between 31st Avenue and 30th Avenue. Norwood Gardens was planned and developed during a period of expansion in New York City.
With the opening of the Queensboro Bridge in 1909 and the extension of the New York City Subway to Astoria–Ditmars Boulevard in 1915, Astoria and Long Island City were forever changed from outlying suburbs to centrally connected communities. The Queens Chamber of Commerce published sales brochures advertising Norwood Gardens as “Country Living In The City”. The houses were developed by Rickert Brown and designed to offer middle-income families a better quality of life than that typically found in a large, metropolitan city in the early part of the century.
Norwood Gardens includes many two-family detached homes, a unique block of one-family attached homes east side of 37th Street and thirty unique attached terrace homes on 36th Street. The 36th Street homes were popularly called Doctor’s Row due to doctors combining their practice offices under their living quarters. The 36th Street terrace homes were designed by Walter Hopkins, an architect with Warren & Wetmore, which designed other structures such as Grand Central Terminal. The thirty attached terrace homes showcased 25-foot front gardens planted with California privet hedges, over 22 kinds of evergreens (many 10–12 feet tall) and a large variety of flowering shrubs.
Norwood Gardens’ homes were designed to provide circulating fresh air and sunlight. The interior floor plans maximized use of space, making the homes attractive to families. The exterior design is a lively combination of white stucco and red tapestry brick. The mortar is a mix of bright white lime with a quartz aggregate that sparkles and accentuates the brick. Additional architectural elements include iron balconies, lattice work, green blinds, cement flower pots on the roof, red Italianate tiles, planter supports in the shape of lambs heads and a variety of architectural medallions embedded in the brick.
The original bathroom fixtures were manufactured by J. L. Mott Iron Works of Manhattan; the company's namesake also gave rise to the name of Mott Street in Chinatown, Manhattan. In 1929, Norwood Gardens terrace homes sold for $15,000 and the slightly larger corner homes for $16,000. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company underwrote the mortgages for the terrace homes. Twenty-nine exteriors of the thirty terrace homes remain in near original state.
Mary Baynton (born approximately 1515) was a woman from England, who claimed to be the Princess Mary, daughter of King Henry VIII and his first wife, Catherine of Aragon. She made the claim in Boston, Lincolnshire, and it appears that the claims were taken seriously in the turbulent times. However, after investigation, she was dismissed as a lunatic and subsequently ignored.
Aloys Tubarimo is a Rwandan serial killer who murdered seven taxi drivers in the Bugesera district during 2007 to steal their bikes. He was caught in November of the same year, and subsequently sentenced to life imprisonment in solitary confinement.
Kensaku Segoe (瀬越 憲作, Segoe Kensaku, May 22, 1889 – July 27, 1972) was a professional Go player.  (His surname is occasionally given as Segoshi, but that appears to be a misreading, even if attested by furigana in some books he authored.)
The following is a non-definitive list of the film directors with the highest career film grosses as of 3 April 2024. The list is not adjusted for inflation.
Joghatai County (Persian: شهرستان جغتای) is in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. Its capital is the city of Joghatai.


The Jicarilla War began in 1849 and was fought between the Jicarilla Apaches and the United States Army in the New Mexico Territory. Ute warriors also played a significant role in the conflict as they were allied with the Jicarillas. The war started when the Apaches and Utes began raiding against settlers on the Santa Fe Trail. Eventually, in 1853, the U.S. Army retaliated which resulted in a series of battles and campaigns that ended in 1854 when a large military expedition managed to quell most of the violence. However, some minor skirmishing continued into 1855.
Sébastien Ruette (born (1977-06-22)22 June 1977) is a retired Canadian male volleyball player. He was part of the Canada men's national volleyball team at the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship in Japan. He played for Paris Volley, France.
Shin-Akitsu Station (新秋津駅, Shin-Akitsu-eki) is a passenger railway station located in the city of Higashimurayama, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
At the Battle of Emmendingen, on 19 October 1796, the French Army of Rhin-et-Moselle under Jean Victor Marie Moreau fought the First Coalition Army of the Upper Rhine commanded by Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen. Emmendingen is located on the Elz River in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, 9 miles (14 km) north of Freiburg im Breisgau. The action occurred during the War of the First Coalition, the first phase of the larger French Revolutionary Wars.
After a summer of parrying between the two sides, the French were already withdrawing through the Black Forest to the Rhine. In close pursuit, the Austrians forced the French commander to split his force so he could cross the Rhine at three points via the bridges at Kehl, Breisach, and Hüningen. By mid-September, though, the Austrians controlled the approaches to the crossings at Breisach and Kehl. Moreau still wanted half his army to approach the Austrians at Kehl. The rugged terrain at Emmendingen complicated fighting, making it possible for the Habsburg force to snipe at the French troops, and to block any passage toward Kehl; rainy and cold weather further hampered the efforts of both sides, turning streams and rivulets into rushing torrents of water, and making roadways slippery. The fighting was fierce; two generals died in the battle, one from each side.
Habsburg success at Emmendingen forced the French to abandon their plans for a three-pronged, or even a two-pronged, withdrawal.  The French continued their retreat through the Black Forest mountain towns to the south, where the armies fought the Battle of Schliengen five days later.
Meir Atlas (Hebrew: מאיר אטלס; 1848–1926) was the rabbi of numerous communities in pre-World War II Europe and one of the founders of the Telz Yeshiva. He was an outstanding halachic authority who authored many responsa and was one of the foremost Lithuanian rabbis of his time.
KTLO-LD (channel 46) is a low-power television station in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, affiliated with the Spanish-language network Telemundo. It is owned by the News-Press & Gazette Company (NPG) alongside ABC affiliate KRDO-TV (channel 13) and radio stations KRDO (1240 AM) and KRDO-FM (105.5). The four stations share studios on South 8th Street in Colorado Springs, where KTLO-LD's transmitter is also located.
Due to its low-power status, KTLO-LD's broadcast range only covers the immediate Colorado Springs area. Therefore, it is simulcast in 720p high definition on KRDO-TV's second digital subchannel in order to reach the entire market. This signal can be seen on channel 13.2 from a transmitter on Cheyenne Mountain.
The 2005 Individual Speedway Junior World Championship was the 29th edition of the World motorcycle speedway Under-21 Championships.
The final was won by Krzysztof Kasprzak of Poland, after the meeting was stopped early after just 12 heats due to heavy rain and dangerous track conditions. Kasprzak and Tomáš Suchánek both finished on 8 points after three rides and Kasprzak was declared the winner after coin flipping. Freddie Lindgren took the bronze medal from Paweł Hlib by virtue of having two race wins from his three races.
The Coalition to Stop Gun Violence (CSGV) and the Educational Fund to Stop Gun Violence (EFSGV or Ed Fund), its sister organization, were two parts of a national, non-profit gun control advocacy organization opposed to gun violence. Since 1974, it supported reduction in American gun violence via education and legislation.  They ceased operations in 2022 after the EFSGV merged with the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Violence Prevention and Policy to become the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Violence Solutions.
George Mann MacBeth (19 January 1932 – 16 February 1992) was a Scottish poet and novelist.
Cornamaddy is a townland in Athlone, County Westmeath, Ireland. The townland is in the civil parish of St. Mary's.
The townland is in the northeast of the town. The N55 motorway enters the townland as it meets Athlone from the north.


Hey Now may refer to:

Hey Now! (Remixes & Rarities), a 2005 album by Cyndi Lauper
"Hey now!", a catchphrase from The Larry Sanders Show
The Kesbewa Polling Division is a Polling Division in the Colombo Electoral District, in the Western Province, Sri Lanka.
Marcus Ward may refer to:

Marcus Ward & Co., British publishing company
Marcus Lawrence Ward (1812–1884), American politician
Marcus Llewellyn Ward (1875–1963), American dentistry academic
"Kansas City Bomber" is a song by Phil Ochs, a US singer-songwriter best known for the protest songs he wrote in the 1960s.
In 1972, record producer Lee Housekeeper asked Ochs to write the theme song for the film Kansas City Bomber, a film about roller derby starring Raquel Welch. Although Ochs enjoyed watching the sport on television, composing the song proved difficult, as Ochs was suffering from writer's block. At last, he made a demo, on which Micky Dolenz of The Monkees sang back-up vocals.
Months later, Ochs was traveling in Australia. Housekeeper told him the film's producers liked his demo, but it was not exactly what they were looking for. Ochs decided to make a new recording of the song, backed by the Australian rock band Daddy Cool.
Ultimately, the film's producers chose not to use the Ochs song in the soundtrack. Nevertheless, he convinced his record company, A&M Records, to release it as a single. The record sold poorly.
In the only known review of "Kansas City Bomber", Record World wrote that "progressives will find this a moody change of pace." Billboard included the single in its "Also Recommended" column.
In 2001, writer Mark Brend described "Kansas City Bomber" as "unremarkable". Biographer Michael Schumacher wrote in 1996 that the song "was neither an admirable work nor an embarrassment".
Many Ochs fans never heard "Kansas City Bomber" before it was included in 1988's The War Is Over: The Best of Phil Ochs. The song was also included in the 1997 collection American Troubadour.
Joan Vokins or Joan Bunce ( – 1690) was a British Quaker preacher and traveller.
The egg-carrying buntingi (Adrianichthys oophorus) is a species of fish in the family Adrianichthyidae.  It is endemic to Lake Poso in Sulawesi, Indonesia.


Wilhelm Malte I Fürst und Herr zu Putbus (1783 – 1854) was a German prince (Fürst) from the old Slavic-Rügen noble family of the lords of Putbus. He acted as a Swedish governor in Swedish Pomerania and later, under Prussian rule, as the chairman of the regional council (Kommunallandtag) of Pomerania and Rügen.
As a result of his extensive building activity, Wilhelm Malte left many traces of the first half of the 19th century on the island of Rügen. Under his rule, his home town of Putbus was greatly expanded in the classical style and is still known today as "The White Town".
Lengipromez  (Russian: Открытое акционерное общество «Ленгипромез») is a Russian engineering company.
The Open Joint-Stock Company “Lengipromez” is a legal successor of the Leningrad State Institute for Designing Iron and Steel Plants (Lengipromez) constituted by a Decree of the Government in 1926.
In 2003 the Institute has been granted the TϋV CERT Certificate for compliance with the DIN EN ISO 9001-2000 requirements.
Land's End to John o' Groats is the traversal of the length of the island of Great Britain between two extremities, in the southwest and northeast. The traditional distance by road is 874 miles (1,407 km) and takes most cyclists 10 to 14 days; the record for running the route is nine days. Off-road walkers typically walk about 1,200 miles (1,900 km) and take two or three months for the expedition. Signposts indicate the traditional distance at each end.

Land's End is the traditionally acknowledged extreme western point of mainland England. It is in western Cornwall at the end of the Penwith peninsula. The O.S. Grid Reference of the road end is SW342250, Postcode TR19 7AA. In fact it, or strictly speaking Dr Syntax's Head, SW341253, a few hundred yards NW of the road end, is mainland England's most westerly point. The most southerly point is Lizard Point, about 9 miles (14 km) further south. Land's End is sometimes reckoned incorrectly as mainland Great Britain's most southwesterly point. This accolade belongs to Gwennap Head, SW365215, which is at least 2 miles (3.2 km) further south than Dr Syntax's Head but only about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) less west.
John o' Groats is the traditionally acknowledged extreme northern point of mainland Scotland, in northeastern Caithness, O.S. Grid Reference ND380735, Postcode KW1 4YR. The actual northernmost point is Dunnet Head about 2 miles (3 km) further north. The point that is farthest by road from Land's End is Duncansby Head, about 2 miles (3 km) east of John o' Groats. Duncansby Head is also the most northeasterly point of the British mainland.
The straight-line distance from Land's End to John o' Groats is 603 miles (970 km) as determined from O.S. Grid References, but such a route passes over a series of stretches of water in the Irish Sea.
According to a 1964 road atlas, the shortest route using classified roads was 847 miles (1,363 km) but in a 2008 road atlas, the shortest route using classified roads was 838 miles (1,349 km). An online route planner in 2021 also calculated the quickest route by road as 837 miles (1,347 km), estimating a time of 14 hours 50 minutes for the journey (this uses the A30, M5, M6, A74(M), M74, M73, M80, M9, A9 & A99) but the overall shortest route by road, using minor roads in numerous places and utilising modern bridges, is only about 814 miles (1,310 km). This route is roughly as follows: Land's End, Bodmin, Okehampton, Tiverton, Taunton, Bridgwater, the M5 Avon Bridge, the M48 Severn Bridge, Monmouth, Hereford, Shrewsbury, Tarporley, St Helens, Preston, Carlisle, Beattock, Carstairs, Whitburn, Falkirk, Stirling, Crieff, Kenmore, Dalchalloch, A9, Inverness, Kessock Bridge, Cromarty Bridge, Dornoch Firth Bridge, Latheron, Wick, John o' Groats.
Brian Paul Levack (born 1943) is an American historian of early modern Britain and Europe. 
He received his B.A. (summa cum laude) from Fordham University in 1965, and then both his M.A. (1967) and Ph.D. (1970) from Yale. In 1969 he joined the History Department of the University of Texas at Austin, where he is now the John E. Green Regents Professor Emeritus in History. His research interests center on the history of the law, the relationship between law and politics in early modern Britain, the formation of the British state, witch-hunting, and demonic possession.
Levack is most widely known for his book The Witch-Hunt in Early Modern Europe (4th edition, 2016), a comparative survey of witch-hunting throughout the early modern world that has been translated into eight languages. His book, The Devil Within: Possession and Exorcism in the Christian West (2013), challenges the commonly held belief that possession signals physical or mental illness and argues that demoniacs and exorcists—consciously or not—are following their various religious cultures, and their performances can only be understood in those contexts. His most recent book, Distrust of Institutions in Early Modern Britain and America, covers the period from 16th to the 21st centuries.Levack has also edited more than twenty books, including The Witchcraft Sourcebook (2nd edition, 2015) and The Oxford Handbook of Witchcraft in Early Modern Europe and Colonial America (2013). 
The recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1975, Levack was appointed Scholar in Residence at the Frances Lewis Law Center, Washington and Lee University School of Law, in 1994. At Texas he was admitted to the Academy of Distinguished Teachers in 2004, and in 2011 he received the University of Texas Regents Outstanding Teaching Award. Levack taught courses on early modern British and European history, legal history, and the history of witchcraft. For eight years he was chair of his department.
The name Naomi has been used for three tropical cyclones in the Eastern Pacific Ocean.

Tropical Storm Naomi (1961)
Hurricane Naomi (1968)
Tropical Storm Naomi (1976)
The name Naomi has been used twice in the Australian region.

Cyclone Naomi (1983) – remained out at sea.
Cyclone Naomi (1993)
Soldiers Lake is located 75 miles (121 km) southeast of Flagstaff in the state of Arizona. The facilities are maintained by Coconino National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.


Adolfo Constenla Umaña (January 14, 1948, in San José, Costa Rica – November 7, 2013) was a Costa Rican philologist and linguist who specialized in the indigenous languages of Central America. He is especially known as a leading scholar on Chibchan languages.
Rodney A. Welch is professor of medical microbiology and immunology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He is a specialist in bacterial pathogenesis and toxins produced by the bacterium Escherichia coli. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology and since 2004 has held the chair of Robert Turell Infections Diseases. In 2014 he was named as part of a team at Wisconsin-Madison that was awarded a grant of up to $16 million from the National Institutes of Health to search for new antibiotics.
Strachur (Scottish Gaelic: Srath Chura) and Strathlachlan (Scottish Gaelic: Srath Lachlainn) are united parishes located on the Cowal Peninsula, in Argyll and Bute, west of Scotland. Strachur is a small village on the eastern coast of Loch Fyne.


Catherine Honan (born 16 September 1951) is a former Progressive Democrats politician from County Laois in Ireland. She was a Senator from 1993 to 1997.
An accountant before entering politics, she stood unsuccessfully as a Progressive Democrats candidate for Dáil Éireann in the Laois–Offaly constituency at four successive general elections: 1987, 1989, 1992 and 1997. After her 1992 defeat, she was elected to the 20th Seanad by the Industrial and Commercial Panel; this was facilitated by an electoral pact with Democratic Left. She did not contest the 1997 Seanad election.
The Women's Premier League (WPL), currently known as the Deloitte Women's Premier League due to sponsorship reasons with audit firm Deloitte, is the top-flight women's football league in Singapore. It is run by Football Association of Singapore (FAS) and features seven amateur teams.
Back to the Future: The Musical is a musical with music and lyrics by Alan Silvestri and Glen Ballard and a book by Bob Gale. It is adapted from the 1985 film Back to the Future by Robert Zemeckis and Gale. The show features original music, as well as songs featured in the film ("The Power of Love", "Earth Angel", "Johnny B. Goode" and "Back in Time").
The musical originally was slated to première in London's West End in 2015, the year to which the film trilogy's characters traveled in Part II. However, a change in directors resulted in a delay in the production. The musical received its premiere at Manchester Opera House in February 2020, ahead of a 2021 West End transfer. It starred Olly Dobson as Marty McFly and Roger Bart as "Doc" Brown, with Hugh Coles as George McFly. The production received positive reviews in London and won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical in 2022.
The musical began previews on Broadway in June and opened in August 2023. Bart and Coles reprise their roles, and Casey Likes plays Marty.  A North American tour began in June 2024.


Rumyana Neykova (Bulgarian: Румяна Нейкова; born 6 April 1973 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian rower, who competed at five Olympic Games.
In theoretical computer science, a computational problem is one that asks for a solution in terms of an algorithm. For example, the problem of factoring

"Given a positive integer n, find a nontrivial prime factor of n."
is a computational problem that has a solution, as there are many known integer factorization algorithms. A computational problem can be viewed as a set of instances or cases together with a, possibly empty, set of solutions for every instance/case. The question then is, whether there exists an algorithm that maps instances to solutions. For example, in the factoring problem, the instances are the integers n, and solutions are prime numbers p that are the nontrivial prime factors of n. An example of a computational problem without a solution is the Halting problem. Computational problems are one of the main objects of study in theoretical computer science. 
One is often interested not only in mere existence of an algorithm, but also how efficient the algorithm can be. The field of computational complexity theory addresses such questions by determining the amount of resources (computational complexity) solving a given problem will require, and explain why some problems are intractable or undecidable. Solvable computational problems belong to complexity classes that define broadly the resources (e.g. time, space/memory, energy, circuit depth) it takes to compute (solve) them with various abstract machines. For example, the complexity classes

P, problems that consume polynomial time for deterministic classical machines
BPP, problems that consume polynomial time for probabilistic classical machines (e.g. computers with random number generators)
BQP, problems that consume polynomial time for probabilistic quantum machines.
Both instances and solutions are represented by binary strings, namely elements of {0, 1}*. For example, natural numbers are usually represented as binary strings using binary encoding. This is important since the complexity is expressed as a function of the length of the input representation.


Universidad de Las Palmas Club de Fútbol "B" were a Spanish football club, founded in 1998, located in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. Due to the first team dissolution, the reserve team was forced to dissolve. They were the reserve team of Universidad de Las Palmas CF.


St. Francis Airport (TC LID: CFE6) was located 3.8 NM (7.0 km; 4.4 mi) west of St. Francis, Alberta, Canada.
Christopher Heath FRCS (13 March 1835 – 8 August 1905) was an English anatomist and general surgeon
Kassiaty Gildas Aymard Labi (born May 6, 1984 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian football player.
Ernest Creighton (9 July 1859 – 17 February 1931) was an English first-class cricketer, who played four matches for Yorkshire in 1888.
Born in Hemsworth, Yorkshire, England, Creighton was a slow left-arm spinner, who took 10 wickets at the average of 18.10, with a best of 4 for 22 against Surrey.  A tail-end batsman, he scored 33 runs at 5.50 with a best innings of 10. Creighton played in four successive matches in a fortnight for Yorkshire.
A builder by trade, he was professional at Ramsbottom, Lancashire, in 1879, and later at Todmorden from 1888 to 1894 and 1900 to 1901. He took over 100 wickets in each season, totalling 908 in all.
He died aged 71, in Leeds, Yorkshire.
Jordy Kuiper (born 2 June 1995) is a Dutch basketball player who plays for Donar of the BNXT League. Standing at 2.06 m (6 ft 9 in), he plays as power forward. Kuiper played five seasons of college basketball for UNCG before turning professional in 2018. He then went on to play in Iceland, Spain and France, before returning to the Netherlands in 2023.
The Pediciidae or hairy-eyed craneflies are a family of flies closely related to true crane flies, with about 500 species worldwide.
Timothy Patrick Murray (born June 7, 1968) is an American lawyer and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 71st lieutenant governor of Massachusetts from 2007 to 2013, when he resigned to become the head of the Worcester Chamber of Commerce. Murray had previously served as a member of Worcester City Council from 1998 to 2007 and as the mayor of Worcester from 2002 to 2007 (mayors in Worcester concurrently serve as at-large members of the city council).
Oil India Limited (OIL) is a central public sector undertaking engaged in the business of exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas, transportation of crude oil and production of liquid petroleum gas. The central public sector undertaking is a Maharatna, with the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas overseeing its operations. Headquartered in Duliajan, Assam, the company has its offices in Duliajan, Noida, Guwahati and Jodhpur.
The company's history spans the discovery of crude oil in India in the year 1889, this was second in the World in the far east of India at Digboi and Naharkatiya, Assam to its present status as a fully integrated upstream petroleum company presently operating in more than 9 locations overseas. Recently, OIL acquired majority shares in Numaligarh Refinery Limited from Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited, thus making Numaligarh Refinery Limited a subsidiary of OIL.
State run oil major Oil India Limited was elevated as to the Maharatna status on recommendation from the Finance ministry of India government. This makes Oil India Limited the 13th Maharatna Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSE).


"Homeless" is a 1986 song by Paul Simon and Ladysmith Black Mambazo lead singer Joseph Shabalala.
The song was the first recorded by Simon and Ladysmith Black Mambazo for Simon's album Graceland. The song launched the international career of the South African group and introduced Zulu isicathimiya music to new western audiences. Shabalala provided the music, from the melody of a traditional Zulu wedding tune, and new Zulu words. Simon provided the English lyrics. The text has been taken as protest music, though Shabalala has said that the phrase "we are homeless" is similar to the words a Zulu person uses when proposing to his bride.
"Diamonds on the Soles of Her Shoes" and "Homeless" were both rerecorded by Ladysmith Black Mambazo for the 2006 album Long Walk to Freedom.


Humberto Gutiérrez (born 26 November 1946) is a Mexican field hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Christina Crawford (born October 17, 1988) is an American cheerleader, dancer, and retired ring announcer and professional wrestler. She is best known for time in WWE, under the ring name Caylee Turner. She is the younger sister of professional wrestler Alicia Fox.
Crawford first gained fame as a contestant on Tough Enough, a televised competition that would award the winner a WWE contract, but was eliminated from the competition. As part of WWE's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling, she was a one-time FCW Divas Champion. After leaving wrestling in 2012, she became a cheerleader for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.


The 1997 Advanta Championships of Philadelphia was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Villanova University Pavilion in Villanova, Pennsylvania in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1997 WTA Tour. It was the 15th edition of the tournament and was held from November 10 through November 16, 1997. First-seeded Martina Hingis won the singles title.
Tropical Storm Lidia was the deadliest tropical cyclone of the 1981 Pacific hurricane season. On October 6, a tropical depression formed and strengthened into a tropical storm six hours later. Lidia brushed the southern tip of the Mexican state of Baja California Sur and made landfall just south of Los Mochis in Sinaloa on October 8 as a mid-level tropical storm. Once onshore, Tropical Storm Lidia rapidly weakened and dissipated the same day. It inflicted heavy rain and flooding throughout parts of northwestern Mexico, especially Sinaloa. Overall, Lidia killed 100 people and caused at least $80 million in damage.
The Council of Vienne was the fifteenth ecumenical council of the Catholic Church and met between 1311 and 1312 in Vienne, France. One of its principal acts was to withdraw papal support for the Knights Templar at the instigation of Philip IV of France. The Council, unable to decide on a course of action, tabled the discussion. In March 1312 Philip arrived and pressured the Council and Clement to act. Clement passed papal bulls dissolving the Templar Order, confiscating their lands, and labeling them heretics.
Church reform was represented by the decision concerning the Franciscans, allowing abbots to decide how to interpret their Rule. The Beguines and Beghards of Germany were condemned as heretics, while the council forbade marriage for clerics, concubinage, rape, fornication, adultery, and incest.
The council addressed the possibility of a crusade, hearing from James II of Aragon and Henry II of Cyprus, before deciding to assign Philip of France as its leader. It was through Philip's influence that Clement finally canonized Pietro Angelerio, taking care not to use his papal title Celestine V. The final act of the council was to establish university chairs for Greek, Hebrew, Aramaic and Arabic languages.
In enzymology, a N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase (EC 3.5.1.33) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction

N-acetyl-D-glucosamine + H2O 
  
    
      
        ⇌
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }
  
 D-glucosamine + acetate
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are N-acetyl-D-glucosamine and H2O, whereas its two products are D-glucosamine and acetate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, those acting on carbon-nitrogen bonds other than peptide bonds, specifically in linear amides.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is N-acetyl-D-glucosamine amidohydrolase. Other names in common use include acetylaminodeoxyglucose acetylhydrolase, and N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl N-deacetylase.  This enzyme participates in aminosugars metabolism.
Merseyside ( MUR-zee-syde) is a ceremonial and metropolitan county in North West England. It borders Lancashire to the north, Greater Manchester to the east, Cheshire to the south, the Welsh county of Flintshire across the Dee Estuary to the southwest, and the Irish Sea to the west. The largest settlement is the city of Liverpool.
The county is highly urbanised, with an area of 249 square miles (645 km2) and a population of 1.42 million. After Liverpool (552,267), the largest settlements are Birkenhead (143,968), St Helens (102,629), and Southport (94,421). For local government purposes the county comprises five metropolitan boroughs: Knowsley, St Helens, Sefton, Wirral, and Liverpool. The borough councils (and Halton in Cheshire) collaborate through the Liverpool City Region combined authority, chaired by an elected mayor.
What is now Merseyside was a largely rural area until the Industrial Revolution, when Liverpool and Birkenhead's positions on the Mersey Estuary enabled them to expand. Liverpool became a major port, heavily involved in the Atlantic slave trade and in supplying cotton to the mills of Lancashire, and Birkenhead developed into a centre for shipbuilding. Innovations during this period included the first inter-city railway, the first publicly-funded civic park, advances in dock technology, and a pioneering elevated electrical railway. The county was established in 1974, before which the entirety of the Wirral was in Cheshire and the remainder of the county was in Lancashire.
Merseyside is notable for its sport, music, and cultural institutions. The Merseybeat genre developed in what is now the county, which has also produced many artists and bands, including the Beatles. The county contains several football clubs, with Everton and Liverpool playing in the Premier League. The Royal Liverpool and Royal Birkdale golf clubs have hosted The Open Championship 22 times between them, and the Grand National is the most valuable jump race in Europe. National Museums Liverpool comprises nine museums and art galleries.
This is a list of lagoons of Australia. Coastal lagoons in Australia are most common on the south-east coast, south-west coast, and in the Gulf of Carpentaria in the north.

Avoca Lake, New South Wales (formerly Avoca Lagoon and Bulbararing Lagoon)
Bears Lagoon, Victoria
Blue Lagoon, Lizard Island, Queensland
Boobera Lagoon, New South Wales
Bool Lagoon Game Reserve, South Australia
Boyd Lagoon, Western Australia
Bronte Lagoon, Tasmania
Cheetham Wetlands, Victoria (420 hectares of lagoons)
Dowse Lagoon, Queensland
Glenrock Lagoon, New South Wales
Goyder Lagoon, South Australia
Hacks Lagoon Conservation Park, South Australia
Hepburn Lagoon, Victoria
Hutt Lagoon, Western Australia
Knuckey Lagoons Conservation Reserve, Northern Territory
Lake Illawarra, New South Wales
Jocks Lagoon, Tasmania
Little Lagoon, Groote Eylandt, Northern Territory
Little Pine Lagoon, Tasmania
Little Waterhouse Lake, Tasmania
Logan Lagoon, Tasmania
McMinns Lagoon, Northern Territory
Moulting Lagoon Important Bird Area, Tasmania
Nadgee Lake in Nadgee Nature Reserve, New South Wales
Orielton Lagoon, Tasmania
Paranki Lagoon Conservation Park, South Australia
Pelican Lagoon, South Australia
Southport Lagoon, Tasmania
Terrigal Lagoon, New South Wales
Wamberal Lagoon, New South Wales
Wattamolla, New South Wales
George Em Karniadakis (Γιώργος Εμμανουήλ Καρνιαδάκης) is a professor of applied mathematics at Brown University. He is a Greek-American researcher who is known for his wide-spectrum work on high-dimensional stochastic modeling and multiscale simulations of physical and biological systems, and is a pioneer of spectral/hp-element methods for fluids in complex geometries, general polynomial chaos for uncertainty quantification, and the Sturm-Liouville theory for partial differential equations and fractional calculus.
Gibbium aequinoctiale, the smooth spider beetle, is a species of spider beetle in the family Ptinidae. It is found in the Caribbean, Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China), Central America, North America, and South America. It has been reported from many parts of the world as Gibbium psylloides.
Aimer la vie is a French-language studio album by Julio Iglesias, released in 1978 on CBS.


Lever is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 

Sir Arthur Lever, 1st Baronet (1860–1924), British politician
Arthur Lever (footballer) (1920–2004), Welsh professional footballer and Wales international
Asbury Francis Lever (1875–1940), member of the United States House of Representatives from South Carolina
Sir Ashton Lever (1729–1788), English collector of natural objects
Caitlin Lever (born 1985), Canadian softball player
Charles Lever (1806–1872), Irish novelist of English descent
Colin Lever (born 1939), English former cricketer
Darcy Lever (c.1759–1839), British author and expert in seamanship
Don Lever (born 1952), Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger
Eddie Lever, manager of English football club Portsmouth F.C. 1952–1958
Lafayette "Fat" Lever (born 1960), American retired professional basketball player
Sir Hardman Lever, 1st Baronet (1869–1947), English accountant and civil servant
Harold Lever, Baron Lever of Manchester (1914–1995), English barrister and politician
Harry Lever (1886–1970), Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the VFL
Hayley Lever (1876–1958), Australian-American painter, etcher, lecturer and art teacher
Henry W. Lever (1883–1980), American sportsperson and educator, head football coach at Carroll College
Jake Lever (born 1996), player for the Melbourne Demons in the Australian Football League
James Darcy Lever (1854–1910), English co-founder of Lever Brothers
Janet Lever, American professor of sociology
John Orrell Lever (1824–1897), English shipping owner and politician
John Lever (born 1949), English former cricketer
Johnny Lever (born 1957), Indian film actor and comedian
Laurie Lever (born 1947), English-Australian Olympic-level equestrian rider
Leslie Lever, Baron Lever (1905–1977), British politician
Mark Lever (born 1970), English former professional footballer
Sir Paul Lever (born 1944), British retired ambassador
Peter Lever (born 1940), English former cricketer
Philip Lever, 3rd Viscount Leverhulme (1915–2000), British landowner and race-horse owner
Steven Lever (born 1963), Founder of Levertech Engineering Services Ltd
Thomas Lever (or Leaver, Leiver) (1521–1577), English Protestant reformer and Marian exile
Tim Lever, member of British pop group Dead or Alive 1983–89
William Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme (1851–1925), English industrialist, philanthropist and politician; the primary founder of Lever Brothers
William Lever, 2nd Viscount Leverhulme (1888–1949), English industrialist and philanthropist
Yves Lever (1942–2020), Canadian film critic and historian


Shine Muscat is a diploid table grape cultivar resulted from a cross of Akitsu-21 and 'Hakunan' (V. vinifera) made by National Institute of Fruit Tree Science (NIFTS) in Japan in 1988. It has large yellow-green berries, crisp flesh texture, muscat flavor, high soluble solids concentration and low acidity.
Nomenclature registration number is "Grape Agriculture and Forestry No. 21"「ぶどう農林21号」.
Ignacio Fragoso Galindo (born February 6, 1968) is a retired male long-distance runner from Mexico.
Zręcin [ˈzrɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorkówka, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north of Chorkówka, 6 km (4 mi) west of Krosno, and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Polish inventor Ignacy Łukasiewicz is buried at the local cemetery.
The Carvajal Ministry was a Spanish government which served between 1746 and 1754 during the reign of Ferdinand VI of Spain headed by José de Carvajal.

Contrasting with the previous anti-British emphasis of the Spanish government Carvajal was neutral and sought much better relations, a view shared by King Ferdinand. The government negotiated and signed the Anglo-Spanish Treaty of Madrid in 1750, resolving the issues that had taken them into the War of Jenkins' Ear. He also signed an agreement, ending a long-standing dispute with Portugal in South America.
The Ministry fell when Carvajal died in 1754, and was replaced by the short-lived Hueścar Ministry.
Jeremy's Circle is an Israeli-registered charity (amuta) that offers a supportive community for children and early teens growing up with cancer in their families, or who have suffered a cancer loss.


The Flies (French: Les Mouches) is a play by Jean-Paul Sartre, produced in 1943. It is an adaptation of the Electra myth, previously used by the Greek playwrights Sophocles, Aeschylus and Euripides. 
The play recounts the story of Orestes and his sister Electra in their quest to avenge the death of their father Agamemnon, king of Argos, by killing their mother Clytemnestra and her husband Aegisthus, who had deposed and killed him.
Sartre incorporates an existentialist theme into the play, having Electra and Orestes engaged in a battle with Zeus and his Furies, who are the gods of Argos and the centerpiece for self-abnegating religious rituals. This results in fear and a lack of autonomy for Zeus's worshippers, who live in constant shame of their humanity.
Kelly Hogan (born January 11, 1965) is an American singer-songwriter, often known for her work as a member of Neko Case's backing band, as well as for her solo work.
The Kurdish Sun, also commonly referred to by its Kurdish name: Kurdish: ڕۆژ, romanized: Roj, is a burning golden sun and the national emblem of the Kurds. It's also found inside the flag of Kurdistan and the official flag of the Kurdistan Region. The sun disk of the emblem contains 21 rays of equal size and shape.  The number 21 also symbolizes March 21, the holiday of Newroz, which is the Kurdish New Year.


Rex Malcolm Adams (13 February 1928 – 14 January 2014) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger. He played in the Football League with Blackpool and Oldham Athletic.
Gargaz-e Tazeh Yal (Persian: گرگزتازه يل, also romanized as Gargaz-e Tāzeh Yal and Garkaz-e Tāzeh Yal) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 551, in 112 families.
Artemyev or Artemiev (Russian: Артемьев) and Artemyeva / Artemieva (Russian: Артемьева; feminine) is a  Russian surname, derived from the given name Artemy. Notable people with the surname include:

Eduard Artemyev (1937–2022), Russian composer
Igor Artemyev (born 1961), Russian politician and government official
Irina Artemieva, Russian-German geophysicist
Maria Artemieva (born 1993), Russian figure skater
Natalia Artemieva (born 1959), Russian-American planetary scientist
Oleg Artemyev (born 1970) Russian cosmonaut
Valentina Artemyeva (born 1986), Russian breaststroke swimmer
Vasily Artemyev (born 1987), Russian rugby union wing
Vladimir Artemyev (1885–1962), Soviet rocket scientist
Vladislav Artemiev (born 1998), Russian chess grandmaster and prodigy


Talianki or Talianky (Ukrainian: Тальянки́) is an archaeological site near the village of the same name in Cherkasy Oblast, Ukraine. It was the location of a large Cucuteni-Trypillian settlement dating to around 3850–3700 BC, currently the largest known settlement in Neolithic Europe. The settlement, built on a bluff between the Talianka River and a smaller stream, was made up of ovular, concentric rows of interconnected buildings. Built on top of the older Cucuteni-Trypillian settlement are the remains of some Yamnaya culture tumuli (burial mounds) dating to the middle of the 3rd millennium BC, as well as some graves from the late Bronze Age.

Talianki was discovered in an infrared aerial photography survey carried out in the 1970s by a Ukrainian pilot in his spare time. Excavations at the site began in 1981, directed by Vladimir Kruts. Further excavations were carried out by Kruts up to 2001. Many of the buildings that were excavated had two storeys. The walls and ceilings of the structures were decorated with red and black designs, reminiscent of designs painted on Cucuteni-Trypillian pottery, which, along with ceramic figurines, were also found at the site.  Finds from these excavations are exhibited in the Cherkasy Regional Museum, the Museum of Agriculture in Talne, and the Institute of Archaeology in Kyiv.

Kruts estimated the total area of the settlement at 450 hectares (1,100 acres), on the assumption that it had a rectangular plan. Extrapolating from this and the density of houses in the surveyed portions of the site, M. Videiko estimated that Talianki contained approximately 2,700 structures and, at its height, could have been occupied by over 15,000 inhabitants. Recently Kruts' figure has been revised by Thomas K. Harper, who used a geomagnetic plan of the site to put its area at 335 hectares (830 acres). This implies Videiko's figure for the peak population of the site is also an overestimation, with Harper suggesting 6,300–11,000 as a more likely range, favouring the lower end. But other estimates are much larger with a population of around 15,000 as the most cited, and adding the numbers for the satellite towns the total population were up to 25,000–30,000 people within its cluster. Research in 2014 indicates that Talianki contained between 15,600 to 21,000 people.
The All-Ireland Cup, also known as the Bateman Cup, is a knock-out competition for the winners of the four provincial rugby union cups in Ireland.
Aspen Medical is a privately owned Australian-based health service company with operations in several countries, including Australia, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, Indonesia, United Arab Emirates, Somalia, the US, and Ukraine. The company headquarters are in Canberra with additional offices in Sydney, Brisbane and Perth, and international offices in Washington, D.C., Abu Dhabi and Port Moresby. Aspen Medical was founded in 2003 by Glenn Keys AO and Dr. Andrew Walker.
In 2018, Aspen Medical was recognised as the Australian Exporter of the Year, and in 2021 was inducted into the Australian Export Hall of Fame.
A May 2021 report by the Australian National Audit Office noted that "Procurement processes for the COVID-19 NMS procurements were largely consistent with the proper use and management of public resources."
In 2022, Aspen Medical fell under media scrutiny due to large-scale procurement contracts totaling more than $1 billion awarded during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Aspen Medical is accredited by the World Health Organization as a commercial medical emergency team.


Ruksana Osman is Professor and Deputy Vice-Chancellor at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa. Before then, she was the Dean of the Faculty of Humanities at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa. She is also the former Head of the School of Education at the University of the Witwatersrand. She is an elected member of the Academy of Science, South Africa.
Enuka Vanessa Okuma ( ) is a Canadian actress, writer and director, best known for her role as detective Traci Nash in the Global/ABC police drama series, Rookie Blue (2010–2015). 
Okuma is also known for her work on the Canadian television series Madison (1994–1998) and Sue Thomas: F.B.Eye (2002–2005). She appeared in the first season of TV soap opera Hillside as the scheming and conspiring Kelly.
Okuma made her directorial debut with the short film, Cookie, on which she was also a writer, actor, and executive producer. She has since expanded into writing for television.
Rock on Top of Another Rock is a sculpture by the artists Peter Fischli and David Weiss which was exhibited outside the Serpentine Gallery in Kensington Gardens in 2013.  It consists of one large rock balanced on top of another large rock.  An earlier incarnation of the work was a similar sculpture on the plateau of Valdresflya which was one of the artworks installed on each of Norway's eighteen scenic highways.
The European Union itself does not issue ordinary passports, but ordinary passport booklets issued by its 27 member states share a common format.
This common format features a colored cover (for which burgundy is recommended: all countries except Croatia follow this recommendation) emblazoned—in the official language(s) of the issuing country (and sometimes its translation into English and French)—with the title "European Union", followed by the name(s) of the member state, the heraldic "Arms" of the State concerned, the word "PASSPORT", together with the biometric passport symbol at the bottom center of the front cover.
Some EU member states also issue non-EU passports to certain people who have a nationality which does not render them citizens of the European Union (e.g., Danish nationals residing in the Faroe Islands).
In addition, the European Commission issues European Union Laissez-Passers to the members and certain civil servants of its institutions.
The arrondissement of Ussel is an arrondissement of France in the Corrèze department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has 79 communes. Its population is 41,931 (2016), and its area is 2,021.9 km2 (780.7 sq mi).
The Braghiș Alliance (Romanian: Alianța Braghiș) was a six-party centre-left political alliance in Moldova.
Statistics of Portuguese Liga in the 1978–79 season.
Elizabeth Irene Cullinan (7 June 1933 – 26 January 2020) was an Irish–American writer who started her career as a typist at The New Yorker magazine, which published her stories from 1960 to 1981. She produced two short story collections, The Time of Adam (1971) and Yellow Roses (1977), and two novels, House of Gold (1970) and A Change of Scene (1982). Cullinan was not well-known but her modest output earned her "outsize acclaim" from her contemporaries, including Joyce Carol Oates, and comparisons to Chekhov and Joyce. Her work centred primarily on working class Irish-Americans, Catholicism and "women keen to avoid the lives their mothers had". She won the Houghton Mifflin Literary Fellowship Award and received grants from the National Endowment for the Arts and the Carnegie Fund.
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) is the ministry of foreign affairs and a ministerial department of the Government of the United Kingdom.
The office was created on 2 September 2020 through the merger of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) and the Department for International Development (DFID). The FCO was itself created in 1968 by the merger of the Foreign Office (FO) and the Commonwealth Office. The department in its various forms is responsible for representing and promoting British interests worldwide.
The head of the FCDO is the secretary of state for foreign, Commonwealth and development affairs, commonly abbreviated to "foreign secretary". This is regarded as one of the four most prestigious positions in the Cabinet – the Great Offices of State – alongside those of Prime Minister, Chancellor of the Exchequer and Home Secretary. David Lammy was appointed Foreign Secretary on 5th July 2024 following the 2024 general election.
The FCDO is managed day-to-day by a civil servant, the permanent under-secretary of state for foreign affairs, who also acts as the Head of His Majesty's Diplomatic Service. Sir Philip Barton took office as permanent under-secretary on 2 September 2020.
The expenditure, administration and policy of the FCDO are scrutinised by the Foreign Affairs Select Committee.
Jeanine E. Jackson (born 1949) is an American diplomat. She was the ambassador to Burkina Faso from 2006 to 2009 and to the Republic of Malawi from 2011 to 2014.
The legislative assemblies of the Roman Empire were political institutions in the ancient Roman Empire. During the reign of the second Roman Emperor, Tiberius, the powers that had been held by the Roman assemblies (the comitia) were transferred to the senate. The neutering of the assemblies had become inevitable for reasons beyond the fact that they were composed of the rabble of Rome. The electors were, in general, ignorant as to the merits of the important questions that were laid before them, and often willing to sell their votes to the highest bidder.
Etai J. Pinkas Arad (born 1973) is a former leader of the Israeli LGBT community. Pinkas served as chairman of the national LGBT association in Israel and was a member of the Tel Aviv-Yafo City Council and advises the mayor on LGBT affairs.   
Pinkas resigned from the Merez political party and his advisory role at the Tel Aviv Municipality in November 2021 following allegations that he forced himself upon a former partner and two teenagers, members of IGI, the Israeli gay youth organization.
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion is a fabricated antisemitic text purporting to describe a Jewish plan to achieve global domination.  The text was fabricated in the Russian Empire, and was first published in 1903. While there is continued popularity of The Protocols in nations from South America to Asia, since the defeat of Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan in World War II, governments or political leaders in most parts of the world have generally avoided claims that The Protocols represent factual evidence of a real Jewish conspiracy. The exception to this is the Middle East, where a large number of Arab and Muslim regimes and leaders have endorsed them as authentic. Past endorsements of The Protocols from Presidents Gamal Abdel Nasser and Anwar Sadat of Egypt, Iraqi President Arif, King Faisal of Saudi Arabia, and Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi of Libya, among other political and intellectual leaders of the Arab world, are echoed by 21st century endorsements from the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, Sheikh Ekrima Sa'id Sabri, and Hamas, to the education ministry of Saudi Arabia.
Mitchel Oviedo Hernández (born July 7, 1988) is a former Mexican footballer who last played as a midfielder for Celaya F.C. of the Ascenso MX.
Palesisa is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
Jamye Coleman Williams (December 15, 1918 – January 19, 2022) was an American activist for social reform and justice, a scholar, and a leader within academe and the African Methodist Episcopal Church (A.M.E.).
The Battle of Yichang was fought in western Hubei on April 11, 1929 between the armies of Sichuan and Guangxi as part of the internal conflicts within the Kuomintang leading up to the Central Plains War. Both Liu Xiang and the new Guangxi clique were nominally independent from Chiang Kai-shek's authority despite their nominal affiliation with the Kuomintang.
Zarina Diyas was the defending champion, however she chose to participate at the 2015 Miami Open instead.
Elizaveta Kulichkova won the title, defeating Jeļena Ostapenko in the final, 6–1, 5–7, 7–5.
Jan Jakub Kolski (born 29 January 1956) is a Polish film director, cinematographer, and writer.
Claude Deruet (1588–1660) was a famous French Baroque painter of the 17th century, from the city of Nancy.


USCGC Earp (ex-Eagle 22) was a 200-foot (61 m) U.S. Coast Guard anti-submarine Eagle–class vessel built by Ford Motor Co. in Detroit, Michigan. Earp was named by the Coast Guard for Ensign James Marsden Earp, a crewmember killed in the September 1918 U-boat sinking of USCGC Tampa. All of the Eagle–class cutters were named for deceased Tampa Coast Guardsmen. Earp was designed for quick construction and was one of 100 ordered by the Navy. Five Eagle–class vessels were transferred to the Coast Guard and proved unsuitable for service because poor manueuvering characteristics and sea-keeping qualities. Earp was launched on 5 August 1918 and commissioned on 17 July 1919 by the United States Navy. The Navy transferred control of Earp to the Coast Guard on 19 December 1919 at New London, Connecticut.  She was placed in commission by the Coast Guard at New London on 17 March 1920 and departed for the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland on 8 May. On 2 June 1920 she departed the yard and arrived at Norfolk, Virginia on 27 June after sea trials. On 9 July she was assigned a permanent station at Honolulu, Hawaii and arrived 13 December after repairs at Mare Island, California. Earp was decommissioned by the Coast Guard at Pearl Harbor on 1 January 1923 and returned to Navy control on 22 May 1923.
Hargnies (French pronunciation: [aʁɲi]) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Walter Brenner (1923–2017) was an American chemist, professor, and inventor.
Walter Brenner may also refer to:

Walter Brenner (computer scientist) (born 1958), Swiss academic and Professor of Information Management
Marguerite Dabaie is a Palestinian-American illustrator based in Brooklyn, NY.


Arizona State University, Polytechnic High School is a public charter University-preparatory school, located in Mesa, Arizona, United States. The Polytechnic High School and STEM Academy (the latter of which serves as an elementary and middle school) is located on the Arizona State University Polytechnic campus next to the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport.
The Arizona State University, Polytechnic High School is part of a series of preparatory schools for Arizona State University, including ASU Preparatory Academy, Phoenix, ASU Preparatory Academy, Casa Grande and ASU Prep Digital.
This ASU Polytechnic High School currently enrolls from Grade 7 to Grade 12. The Polytechnic High School offers various subjects and college opportunities to ensure that each and every student receives the support and help they need. The high school offers the internationally acclaimed Cambridge Curriculum, that prepares students to enroll in university classes by their junior year in high school.
As of 2020, the current director of secondary learning, a figure similar to a principal, is Stephen Rothkopf, with Amanda Wojtalik serving as the dean of students.
As of the start of the 2019–2020 school year, ASU Preparatory Academy Polytechnic High School enrolled 8th grade students as part of their high school attendance, however as of the 2020–2021 school year, 7th graders have also been added to the school attendance.
Estadio Padre Ernesto Martearena (English: Father Ernesto Martearena Stadium) is a football stadium in Salta, Argentina, built for the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship. It holds 20,408 people and is now the home ground of Juventud Antoniana and Central Norte, both playing currently in the country's third level.
While it is mainly used for football, the Argentina national rugby team has also played at Padre Martearena stadium. The structure is formed by four sectors, two sides tiers with capacity for 6,000 each one, and two main grandstands with 4,000. They are also formed by 22 modules of 900 spectators each.
The stadium was named after Father Ernesto Martearena (1944–2001), a priest who served in the province and was recognised for his social work. Martearena was killed after being assaulted by two men in his own house.
Craig Steven Reichert (born May 11, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger who played three games for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim during the 1996–97 NHL season.  Reichert was drafted 67th overall by the Ducks in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft and had spells in the International Hockey League for the San Diego Gulls and the American Hockey League for the Baltimore Bandits, Cincinnati Mighty Ducks and the Louisville Panthers.  He then moved to Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga with Düsseldorfer EG in 2000.  He had one more season in the AHL for the Hamilton Bulldogs before retiring.
Øyvind Alfred Stensrud (2 April 1887 – 28 October 1956) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from the Market towns of Telemark and Aust-Agder counties and later Telemark during the terms 1945–1949, 1950–1953 and 1954–1957.
Eriq Ebouaney (born 3 October 1967) is a French actor. He is best known for his portrayal as the Congolese Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba in the 2000 film Lumumba, as "Blacktie" in Brian De Palma's Femme Fatale and as "Ice" in the 2008 action film Transporter 3 in which he starred opposite Jason Statham.
Shams al-Din Muhammad ibn al-Muqaddam (Arabic: شمس الدين ابن المقدم; died at Mount Arafat on 9 February 1188) was the 1st Emir of Baalbek under Ayyubid Dynasty, Although he was not from Ayyubid origin. He was a military commander first in the service of Nur ad-Din, the Zengid ruler of Syria and Iraq, later of Saladin, the Ayyubid ruler of Egypt, Syria and Iraq.
Valoissa is the fourth album of the Finnish band Indica and was released in 2008.  It was produced by Tuomas Holopainen.
Teatro Nuevo Apolo ("New Apolo Theatre"; al, Teatro Progreso and Cine Progreso) is an entertainment venue in Madrid, Spain.  It is located in the Plaza de Tirso de Molina. The owners of the Teatro Apolo that existed on calle de Alcalá until its closure in 1929 decided to build a new venue, initially named Teatro Progreso, in the Plaza del Progreso (now Plaza de Tirso de Molina). The theatre opened on December 10, 1932 with the zarzuela, La verbena de la Paloma. It was converted to a film venue, the Cine Progreso, before its rededication to theatrical exhibitions and music entertainment of various genres, as well as dance and comedy.
The Asia-Pacific Emissions Trading Forum (AETF) was an information service and business network dealing with domestic and international developments in emissions trading policy in Australia and the Asia-Pacific region. The AETF was originally called the Australasian Emissions Trading Forum, and was founded in 1998 under the auspices of the Sydney Futures Exchange following a proposal from Beck Consulting Services. From 2001 until 2011 the AETF published the AETF Review (Bib ID 3998494), held regular member meetings and convened numerous events and conferences. The AETF Review was published six times per year and included original articles on emissions trading developments and related topics. 
In 2011 the AETF formed the foundation of the new Carbon Market Institute, a not-for-profit institute, established in Melbourne, Australia to continue and develop the AETF programs.
The AETF was founded to assist all potential stakeholders understand and respond to emissions trading developments both domestically and internationally. Emissions trading is a key element of the Kyoto Protocol and subsequent proposals to manage global greenhouse gas emissions under the United Nations Framework 
Convention on Climate Change. National or regional schemes are operating in the European Union, New Zealand and the United States and are under active consideration in China, Japan and elsewhere. In Australia, legislation under Clean Energy Future Scheme has been passed to introduce a national emissions trading scheme from 2015.
Tiger 1 may refer to:

Tiger I, a German heavy tank of World War II
Ek Tha Tiger or Tiger 1, a 2012 Indian spy film by Kabir Khan, first in the Tiger film series
Shiyijing Road Station (Chinese: 十一经路站), also known as Shiyijinglu Station, is a station of Line 9 of the Tianjin Metro. It started operations on 1 May 2011.


Karisalkalampatti is a village near Sivarakkottai NH7 Main road Thirumangalam[KALLIGUDI ]Taluk in Madurai District of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located about 9 km from Thirumangalam, 30 km from Madurai, and 520 km from the state capital, Chennai. As of 2011, the village population was about 1,158.
Engina tuberculosa is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pisaniidae.
Thomas J. Thompson (sometimes credited as Tommy Thompson) is an American television director.
Since the early 1980s, he has also worked as a key grip, camera coordinator, technical coordinator and associate director, for numerous television series. They include Cagney & Lacey, The War at Home, All of Us, Wanda at Large, Shake It Up and Austin & Ally.
As a television director, he has directed episodes of Dave's World, The Norm Show, The Drew Carey Show and Good Luck Charlie.
Doriemus (17 November 1990 – 11 January 2015) was a Thoroughbred racehorse who began his career in New Zealand and rose to prominence in Australia by winning the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups in 1995. He was the eighth of just nine horses to complete the double in the same year.
Myakinino may refer to several places:

Myakinino (Moscow Metro), a station of the Moscow Metro
Myakinino (Moscow), a village in Kuntsevo District of Moscow, Russia
Rika Burnham is head of education at the Frick Collection in New York City. In 2018, she was a guest scholar at the Getty Research Institute. Previously, Burnham worked as the project director of the Teaching Institute for Museum Education at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, as a museum educator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and as an adjunct professor at Teachers College, Columbia University. She is a widely published scholar in the field of Museum education.
The pre-Cabraline history of Brazil is the stage in Brazil's history before the arrival of Portuguese navigator Pedro Álvares Cabral in 1500, at a time when the region that is now Brazilian territory was occupied by thousands of indigenous peoples.
Traditional prehistory is generally divided into the Paleolithic, Mesolithic, and Neolithic periods. However, in Brazil, some authors prefer to work with the geological epochs of the current Quaternary period: Pleistocene and Holocene. In this sense, the most accepted periodization is divided into: Pleistocene (hunters and gatherers at least 12,000 years ago) and Holocene, the latter being subdivided into Early Archaic (between 12,000 and 9,000 years ago), Middle Archaic (between 9,000 and 4,500 years ago) and Recent Archaic (from 4,000 years ago until the arrival of the Europeans). It is believed that the first peoples began to inhabit the region where Brazil is now located 60,000 years ago.
The expression "prehistory of Brazil" is also used to refer to this period, but the term has been criticized since the concept of prehistory is questioned by some scholars as being a Eurocentric worldview, in which people without writing would be people without history. In the context of Brazilian history, this nomenclature would not accept that the indigenous people had their own history. For this reason, some prefer to call this period pre-Cabraline.
On November 11, 1960, a failed coup attempt against President Ngô Đình Diệm of South Vietnam was led by Lieutenant Colonel Vương Văn Đông and Colonel Nguyễn Chánh Thi of the Airborne Division of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN).
The rebels launched the coup in response to Diệm's autocratic rule and the negative political influence of his brother Ngô Đình Nhu and sister-in-law Madame Nhu. They also bemoaned the politicisation of the military, whereby regime loyalists who were members of the Ngô family's covert Cần Lao Party were readily promoted ahead of more competent officers who were not insiders. Đông was supported in the conspiracy by his brother-in-law Lieutenant Colonel Nguyen Trieu Hong, whose uncle was a prominent official in a minor opposition party. The main link in the coup was Đông's commanding officer Thi, whom he persuaded to join the plot.
The coup caught the Ngô family completely off-guard, but was also chaotically executed. The plotters neglected to seal the roads leading into the capital Saigon to seal off loyalist reinforcements, and they hesitated after gaining the initiative. After initially being trapped inside the Independence Palace, Diệm stalled the coup by holding negotiations and promising reforms, such as the inclusion of military officers in the administration. In the meantime, opposition politicians joined the fray, trying to exploit Diệm's position. However, the president's real aim was to buy time for loyalist forces to enter the capital and relieve him. The coup failed when the 5th and 7th Divisions of the ARVN entered Saigon and defeated the rebels. More than four hundred people—many of whom were civilian spectators—were killed in the ensuing battle. These included a group of anti-Diệm civilians who charged across the palace walls at Thi's urging and were cut down by loyalist gunfire.
Đông and Thi fled to Cambodia, while Diệm berated the United States for a perceived lack of support during the crisis. Afterwards, Diệm ordered a crackdown, imprisoning numerous anti-government critics and former cabinet ministers. Those that assisted Diệm were duly promoted, while those that did not were demoted. A trial for those implicated in the plot was held in 1963. Seven officers and two civilians were sentenced to death in absentia, while 14 officers and 34 civilians were jailed. Diệm's regime also accused the Americans of sending Central Intelligence Agency members to assist the failed plot. When Diệm was assassinated after a 1963 coup, those jailed after the 1960 revolt were released by the new military junta.
Bogdan Viorel Cotolan (born 4 November 1981 in Targoviste, Romania) is a Romanian football player. Cotolan made his professional debut with Gloria Buzău in the Romanian second league.  During the winter of 2005–06 he was tested by CFR Cluj, eventually signing a contract. Cotolan is a right defender and right midfielder, although he can also play on the left side of the pitch.
Below are Bogdan Cotolan's career statistics:
2002–2003 Gloria Buzău 2B / 15 games
2003–2004 Gloria Buzău 13B / 25 games / 3 goals
2004–2005 Gloria Buzău 9B / 21 games / 1 goal
2005–2006 Gloria Buzău 9B / 14 games / 2 goals
2005–2006 CFR Cluj 5A / 9 games
2006–2007 CFR Cluj A / 3 games
2007-     FC Vaslui
The Artists' Benevolent Fund was instituted in 1810 and incorporated by royal charter on 2 August 1827. It has also been referred to as the Artists' Fund and the Artists' Joint Stock Fund.
As of 1851, it was one of two charitable funds established for purposes relative to those who had been unfortunate in the practice of the fine arts, the other being the Artists' General Benevolent Institution.
As of 1852, it consisted of two separate and distinct branches: the Artists' Annuity Fund, and the Artists' Benevolent Fund. The first was supported by the contributions of its members, for their own relief in sickness or superannuation. All artists of merit in painting, sculpture, architecture, and engraving, were eligible to become members, the annual payments to which were regulated by the age of the member, increasing a small sum every year. The amount of funded property was £14,900, exclusively the property of the members themselves. The second was supported by the patrons of the Fine Arts, for the relief of the widows and orphans of the members of the Annuity Fund. And the whole was under the direction of the president, and ten subscribers to the Benevolent Fund, annually elected by the subscribers, and five members of the Annuity Fund, annually elected by its members. Every artist proposed as a member of the Annuity Fund, had to be balloted for, and approved by the committee of the Benevolent Fund, in order to entitle his widow and children to its benefits. The benefits of this fund were extended to about 40 widows and 22 orphans, the former receiving £18, and the latter £5 annually. The income for this purpose was about £1,200 per annum, derived half from dividends, and the other half from present voluntary contributions.
John Young was honorary secretary of the Artists' Benevolent Fund from 6 December 1810 to 4 May 1813.
Bly is an extinct town in southwest Howell County, in the Ozarks of southern Missouri. The location is on Bennetts Bayou, approximately 3.5 miles southeast of Caulfield.
Bly was named after the horse of an early settler. A post office called Bly was established in 1887, and remained in operation until 1923. In the 1920s, the community was ruined by fire.
Jones Brook is a 10.6-mile-long (17.1 km) stream in eastern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Branch River, which leads to the Salmon Falls River, part of the Piscataqua River watershed leading to the Atlantic Ocean.
Jones Brook rises in the Moose Mountains, on the border between Brookfield and Middleton, New Hampshire, and flows southeast through Middleton. Upon entering Milton, the stream turns back to the north and joins the Branch River downstream from the village of Union.
Elizabethan literature refers to bodies of work produced during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I (1558–1603), and is one of the most splendid ages of English literature. In addition to drama and the theatre, it saw a flowering of poetry, with new forms like the sonnet, the Spenserian stanza, and dramatic blank verse, as well as prose, including historical chronicles, pamphlets, and the first English novels. Major writers include William Shakespeare, Edmund Spenser, Christopher Marlowe, Richard Hooker, Ben Jonson, Philip Sidney and Thomas Kyd.
Kubachi (Russian: Кубачи́; Dargwa: ГӏярбукI, Kubachi: Арбукáнти) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Dakhadayevsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 3,060.
Pavel Semyonovich Rybalko (Russian: Па́вел Семёнович Рыба́лко, Ukrainian: Павло́ Семе́нович Риба́лко; 23 October 1894 – 28 August 1948) was a commander of armoured troops in the Red Army during and following World War II.
Samrat or Samraat may refer to:
Portugal Fashion is the biggest Portuguese fashion industry event created in 1995. 
It's held mostly in Porto, which is the Portuguese fashion capital, but also in Lisbon. The event has at least two seasons, spring-summer and fall-winter, every year.
My Dear is the debut album by American rock band New Years Day, released in 2007 by TVT Records. The album was self-financed, self-produced, and recorded over an eight-month period at the home of producer Eugene Pererras. The band's debut music video for the lead single "I Was Right" won an MTVU "Freshman Face" poll and was added to the channel's playlist.
The album includes contributions from John Christianson and Dan Regan of Reel Big Fish, who provide horns on "My Sweet Unvalentine." "Brilliant Lies" includes lyrics written by Justin Pierre of Motion City Soundtrack.
The Phylax Society was a prototypical dog club pre-dating the German Shepherd Dog, formed with the intention of creating a standardized German dog breed.
Volerro is a project management and collaboration tool.
UTC Central Bedfordshire was a University Technical College (UTC) in Houghton Regis, Bedfordshire, England. The college opened in September 2012 and specialised in education for future engineers, product and games designers. It closed in August 2016.


The Dolomites Gold Cup Race (translation: Coppa d' Oro delle Dolomiti) was a car race on public roads open to traffic, which was run in the Dolomite Mountains of northern Italy for ten years from 1947 to 1956. It took place along an anti-clockwise circuit that was 304 km (188 miles) long and usually took about 3 to 4 hours to complete the one lap that made up the race distance, with the start and finish in the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo. The circuit went through many Italian towns, and it had nearly 2,000 meters (2 km, 1.25 miles, or 6,600 feet) of elevation change- more than 6 1/2 times that of the Nürburgring and the Isle of Man TT track.
The official name of the race has changed over the years. In 1947, it was known as the "Cup of the Dolomites", from 1948 to 1950 it was known as the "International Cup of the Dolomites", and in 1951 it was renamed the "Gold Cup of the Dolomites".
The race was not continued after 1956 after the fatal accident of Spaniard Alfonso de Portago at the 1957 Mille Miglia, which killed 9 spectators, which prompted the Italian government to temporarily ban racing on public roads.
The race was established by the Automobile Club of Belluno, which is still the runner of the now historic motorsport event, since 1972. The race is included in the FIA international calendar as "Big Event CSAI" classic regularity.
Sir Ronald Harwood  (né Horwitz; 9 November 1934 – 8 September 2020) was a South African-born British author, playwright, and screenwriter, best known for his plays for the British stage as well as the screenplays for The Dresser (for which he was nominated for an Oscar) and The Pianist, for which he won the 2003 Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He was nominated for the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar for The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (2007).
Oh Dae-keun (born May 11, 1982) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.
John Cherry Monks Jr. (February 24, 1910 – December 10, 2004) was an American writer, actor, playwright, screenwriter, director, and a U.S. Marine.
Pippa "Pips" Bunce (born Philip Bunce) is a British banking executive who works to promote LGBTQIA+ and ally inclusion and advocacy. Bunce, who is non-binary and genderfluid, is a senior director at Credit Suisse. They serve as the Head of Global Markets Core Engineering Strategic Programs and as the co-chair of the LGBT Ally Program at Credit Suisse.
In 2018, Bunce won the Inspirational Leader award at the British LGBT Awards. Since 2017, they have featured in the Top 100 LGBTQI+ Executives list (hosted by the Financial Times and now Yahoo! Finance). In 2018, Bunce featured in the Top 100 Women Executives list by HERoes and published by the Financial Times. In 2021, they featured in the Business Insider LGBT+ Finance Top 7 Power list and in 2023 they featured in the BAM/LLYC Top LGBT+ execs in Tech and Venture Capital list. Bunce was also shortlisted for the 2023 Bank of London Rainbow honours Inspirational Role Model award. In 2022, Bunce won the Inspirational Role Model award in the British Diversity Awards.
Bunce is a global public speaker, panellist, presenter and media contributor across many fields of diversity and inclusion.
Le avventure di Giacomo Casanova (a.k.a. The Sins of Casanova) is a 1955 Italian  comedy film directed by Steno. It stars Gabriele Ferzetti, Corinne Calvet and Irène Galter. Famed horror film director Lucio Fulci wrote the script, one of his earliest projects. Mario Bava was the cinematographer.
The NSU Sharks Women's Soccer team represents Nova Southeastern University in Davie, Florida. They currently compete in the Sunshine State Conference.
R packages are extensions to the R statistical programming language. R packages contain code, data, and documentation in a standardised collection format that can be installed by users of R, typically via a centralised software repository such as CRAN (the Comprehensive R Archive Network). The large number of packages available for R, and the ease of installing and using them, has been cited as a major factor driving the widespread adoption of the language in data science.
Compared to libraries in other programming languages, R packages must conform to a relatively strict specification. The Writing R Extensions manual specifies a standard directory structure for R source code, data, documentation, and package metadata, which enables them to be installed and loaded using R's in-built package management tools. Packages distributed on CRAN must meet additional standards. According to John Chambers, whilst these requirements "impose considerable demands" on package developers, they improve the usability and long-term stability of packages for end users.
Tetris Attack, also known as Panel de Pon in Japan, is a puzzle video game developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. A Game Boy version was released a year later. In the game, the player must arrange matching colored blocks in vertical or horizontal rows to clear them. The blocks steadily rise towards the top of the playfield, with new blocks being added at the bottom. Several gameplay modes are present, including a time attack and multiplayer mode.
Tetris Attack was first released as Panel de Pon in Japan in October 1995, featuring fairies as the main characters with a mythical, fantasy setting. The game was released outside Japan in 1996, with the original characters and settings replaced by those from Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island. Though international releases have the name Tetris Attack, the game bears no relation to the Tetris video game series, leading Tetris Company co-founder Henk Rogers to regret giving Nintendo the license to use the name. Both Panel de Pon and Tetris Attack were later broadcast through the Japan-only Satellaview peripheral, the latter renamed to BS Yoshi's Panepon.
Tetris Attack was well received by critics for its graphical style, addictive gameplay and multiplayer modes, with some noting the North American version was superior to the original Japanese release. It was followed by a series of sequels and remakes for multiple platforms, most of which instead use the name Puzzle League. The game is referenced in other Nintendo games, such as the Super Smash Bros. series, Animal Crossing: New Leaf, and Captain Rainbow.


Farouq Farkhan (born 6 June 1988) is a Singaporean footballer who is currently playing for Yishun Sentek Mariners FC in the Singapore Football League.
He usually plays as a winger or wing back.


The 2021 British & Irish Lions tour to South Africa was an international rugby union tour that took place in South Africa in July and August 2021. The British & Irish Lions, a team selected from players eligible to represent England, Ireland, Scotland or Wales, played a three-match test series against South Africa, and tour matches against three of South Africa's four United Rugby Championship teams and South Africa A.
The COVID-19 pandemic significantly disrupted the tour, leading to numerous schedule changes and the matches in South Africa taking place without fans present. Before leaving for South Africa, the Lions beat Japan in a warm-up match at Murrayfield Stadium in Edinburgh. They won all of their matches against the South African franchises, but lost to South Africa A.
South Africa won the test series by two matches to one. The Lions won the first test 22–17 on 24 July, but South Africa won the second test 27–9 a week later before winning the third test 19–16 with a late penalty on 7 August.
Warren Gatland was the Lions' head coach, making him only the second coach to lead the team on three consecutive tours. Alun Wyn Jones of Wales was the Lions' tour captain, but was injured in the home match against Japan on 26 June; he initially withdrew from the squad before returning three weeks later. Ireland's Conor Murray took over as captain during Jones' absence.
J.B. Young Ltd (JB Young's) were a chain of retail department stores, founded in the New South Wales country town of Queanbeyan, by businessman and country traveler James Buchanan Young in 1914.
Young, originally from Ireland, had migrated to Australia in 1885, arriving first in Sydney. By the 20th century, James Young had settled in country New South Wales and was working for Dutton Brothers, in Blayney.
Moving to Queanbeyan in 1914, James Young quickly established what would be JB Young's first store, in Queanbeyan's main street. Business was hard during these years with World War I underway and harsh economic conditions.
After the decision to locate Australia's new capital Canberra in the 1920s, one of the JB Young's managers Mr HG Colman, then crossed the New South Wales border into the nation's new capital and purchased the first block of commercial property ever being offered. This was over at the Eastlake shopping precinct and was purchased for 2,050 pounds. This occurred early in December, 1924. Building work commenced immediately and initially the original Eastlake store, which would a short time later become known as Kingston, was opened in stages between 1925 and 1927.
These were pioneering times for the nation's capital, as not even Canberra's Civic centre precinct had been established at this time. In 1926, the firm saw a staff management buyout, with fellow directors, Mr Webb, Mr Greenwood, together with Mr HG Colman, taking ownership. By 1928, James Young had decided to fully retire and a farewell dinner was held, with Mr and Mrs Young then from that moment on retiring to Manly in Sydney.
The first collection of Hong Kong's Children Stamps named The Ingenuous Artists was issued on 18 November 2001 which is the debut of the Hong Kong's stamp development history. According to the Hongkong Post, It aims at encouraging children to develop a themed stamp collecting hobby. There is Inter-School Stamp Exhibits Competition organised by the Hongkong Post to invite children who are 12 years old or below to create stamps for the latest children stamps collection. The award winners’ designs are issued in mint collection. By giving opportunity for children to create stamps, it can attract children to know more about stamps. Children stamps are in mint collection which include a wide variety of themes ranging from Chinese and foreign folklore to pets.
Alastuey is a locality located in the municipality of Bailo, Spain, in Huesca province, Aragon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 14.
Geleh Deh Kuh (Persian: گله ده كوه, also Romanized as Geleh Deh Kūh; also known as Geleh Deh) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 94, in 16 families.
Arne Andersen (born February 7, 1944, in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a former Danish handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He played his club handball with Efterslægten, and was the top goalscorer of the club in the 1972 Danish Handball League. In 1972 he was part of the Denmark men's national handball team which finished thirteenth in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored three goals.


The Polegreen Church, also known as the Hanover Meeting House (and locally as the "ghost church"), is the site of what may be the first non-Anglican church in Virginia. It was named after a 17th-century landowner, George Polegreen.
After Rev. George Whitefield preached at Bruton Parish Church at Williamsburg during the First Great Awakening, and his sermons were published, local mason Samuel Morris built a reading room or log cabin near Mechanicsville in rural Hanover County. In 1743, Virginia's colonial assembly permitted religious dissenters four meeting houses: three in Hanover County (including this one) and one in Henrico County; they were sometimes called "Morris churches".
Pennsylvania Presbyterian missionary Samuel Davies, one of the first non-Anglican ministers licensed in Virginia, evangelized in Hanover County and used this as his base from 1743 to 1759. Patrick Henry attended services here with his mother, and credited Davies for his oratorical skills. In 1755, Davies helped organize what came to be known as the Hanover Presbytery, encompassing all Presbyterian ministers in Virginia and North Carolina. He also became known for writing hymns, and for educating slaves (unlike Methodist and Baptist evangelists).
During the American Civil War, battle lines formed on opposite sides of Totopotomoy  creek during the 1864 Overland Campaign as the Union army advanced on Richmond. Polegreen Church stood between them. A Confederate artillery shell fired to dislodge Union sharpshooters by a man whose father had been baptized at Polegreen hit the wooden building, which burned to the ground. The congregation could not afford to rebuild it.
An open-air design of steel beams painted white to show the historic structure's former dimensions has been erected at the site, along with a visitor center and signage concerning religious persecution and freedom in Western civilization. The site now hosts various lectures (including on religious freedom in Virginia), as well as weddings and other private functions. The Polegreen Church site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.  It is open to the public free of charge.
Tibesti Region (Arabic: مقاطعة تيبستي) is a region of Chad, located in far northwest of the country. Its capital is Bardaï. It was created in 2008 when the former Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti Region was split into three, with the Tibesti Department becoming the Tibesti Region. The region is named for the Tibesti Mountains, one of the most prominent mountain chains in the Sahara Desert. Tibesti is the least populated region of Chad, and also has the lowest GDP in the country.
Lobiger is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Oxynoidae.
Rear Admiral Alan John Ogilvie Martin,  is a retired officer of the Royal New Zealand Navy, who served as Chief of the Navy from 30 November 2015 to 29 November 2018.
Born in Dunedin, Martin joined the navy in 1979. He served as commander of the Royal New Zealand Navy Fleet as the Maritime Component Commander from March 2011 to September 2013. Martin was appointed Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit (MNZM) in the 1996 Queen's Birthday Honours. In the 2003 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was promoted to Officer of the same order.
Edward Coit Albertson (October 14, 1880 – December 13, 1953) was an American stage and film actor.
Maurice Davidson (1904 – 11 July 1970) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Michael O'Lehane (1873–1920) was an Irish trade unionist.
Bongseonsa is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism.  It stands in Jinjeop-eup, Namyangju, a short distance east of Seoul in Gyeonggi province, South Korea.  It was built by National Preceptor Beobin in 969, under the Goryeo dynasty.  At that time it bore the name "Unaksa."  The current name dates to 1469, when Queen Jeonghui of the Joseon Dynasty changed the temple's name at the time that her husband King Sejo was buried nearby.    The name can be interpreted as "temple of revering the sage."  Thereafter, the temple continued to have a close relationship with the queens of Joseon.
Bongseonsa has been burned down and rebuilt several times, due to the 16th-century Seven Year War, 17th-century Manchu invasions of Korea, and 20th-century Korean War.
Southburn railway station was a railway station on the Selby to Driffield Line. It opened on 1 May 1890 and served the villages of Southburn and Kirkburn in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It closed on 20 September 1954 but the line remained open as a through route for excursions until complete closure on 14 June 1965. Little remains of the station with the exception of the platform edges and the station cottages. A farm building occupies the place of the demolished station building.
Big Brown Power Plant was a 1.15-gigawatt (1,150 MW) coal power plant located northeast of Fairfield near Fairfield Lake State Park in Freestone County, Texas. It was operated by Vistra Corp's subsidiary, Luminant. The plant operated from 1971 to 2018.
Eiichi Nishimura (西村 英一, Nishimura Eiichi, 28 August 1897 – 15 September 1987) was a Japanese politician, who served in the Ikeda, Satō, Tanaka and Fukuda cabinets, and was the first to be appointed to the post of Director of the National Land Agency. Within the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), he held influence in Eisaku Satō and Kakuei Tanaka factions, becoming known as the "king's counselor", or the one able to speak his mind with ease.
Białuty [bjaˈwutɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Błonie, 14 km (9 mi) west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and 28 km (17 mi) west of Warsaw.
Chang Mi-hee (Korean: 장미희; born 1958) is a South Korean actress. She was born Lee Yun-hui in Seoul, South Korea. Chang debuted as an actress in 1976 as starring in Seong Chun-hyang jeon directed by Park Tae-won and TBC TV drama, Haenyeo Dang-sil (Sea Woman Dang-sil). Chang was commonly referred to as "New Troika" or "Second Troika" along with her rival actresses, Jeong Yun-hui and Yu Ji-in of the 1970s and 1980s after the "First Troika", Moon Hee, Nam Jeong-im, and Yoon Jeong-hee of the 1960s.
Acropora robusta is a species of acroporid coral found in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden, the southwest and northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Australia, Southeast Asia, Japan, the East China Sea and the oceanic west and central Pacific Ocean. It occurs in tropical shallow reefs, mainly along margins that are exposed to the action of strong waves, and can be found at depths from 1 to 8 metres (3 ft 3 in to 26 ft 3 in). It was described by Dana in 1846.
This page lists the final standings of the World Marathon Majors (and current standings of latest series), which was founded in 2006 and is made up of six annual races: the Boston Marathon, London Marathon, Berlin Marathon, Chicago Marathon, New York City Marathon and Tokyo Marathon (which was added to the World Marathon Majors in 2013). The New York City Marathon was cancelled in 2012, and consequently is not included for the 2011–12 or 2012–13 seasons. In years where the World Athletics Championships or Olympic Games are contested, the marathon at the respective event is also included.
Each World Marathon Majors series originally spanned two full calendar years; the second year of a series overlapped with the first year of the next. Starting in 2015, each series began with a defined city race and ended with the following race in the same city. So, series IX started in February 2015 at the 2015 Tokyo Marathon and ended there in February 2016 at the 2016 Tokyo Marathon. Series X started at the 2016 Boston Marathon and finished at the 2017 Boston Marathon. Series XI started at the 2017 London Marathon and finished at the 2018 London Marathon.
The Test is a 1935 American western adventure film directed by Bernard B. Ray and produced by Ray and Harry S. Webb for Reliable Pictures. It features as its hero the dog Rin Tin Tin, Jr.
CD'87 is the third compilation album by Japanese singer Akina Nakamori. It was released on May 1, 1987, under Warner Pioneer. The album includes four singles (her 14th through 17th singles overall) and their corresponding B-sides.
The Sant'Ana River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Da Areia River.
Axial spondyloarthritis (also often referred to as axSpA) is a chronic, immune-mediated disease predominantly affecting the axial skeleton (sacroiliac joints and spine). The term itself is an umbrella term characterizing a diverse disease family united by shared clinical and genetic features, such as the involvement of the axial skeleton. The 2009 introduced term axial spondyloarthritis is a preferred term nowadays and substitutes the old term ankylosing spondylitis.
Lílian Lemmertz Dias (Porto Alegre, June 15, 1937 – Rio de Janeiro, June 5, 1986) was a Brazilian actress.
All Saints Academy (formerly All Saints CofE School) is a mixed Church of England secondary school located in Ingleby Barwick in the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, England.
Previously a voluntary aided school administered by Stockton-on-Tees Borough Council and the Church of England Diocese of York, All Saints CofE School converted to academy status in May 2013 and was renamed All Saints Academy. The school is still administered by the Diocese of York but is now independent of council control.
All Saints Academy offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils. In 2015 it was named as the top performing school in Teesside.
Ada Brodsky (née Ada Neumark) (born 30 October 1924, Frankfurt (Oder); died 12 April 2011, Jerusalem) was an Israeli radio journalist and translator from German into Hebrew. She was a winner of the Goethe Medal in 1995 for her contributions to the cultural relationship between Germany and Israel.
Hitoto is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Roger Hitoto (born 1969), Democratic Republic of the Congo footballer
Tae Hitoto (一青 妙, born 1970), Japanese actress
Yo Hitoto (一青 窈, born 1976), Japanese singer
PMS Clan (previously short for Psychotic Man Slayerz, now short for Pandora's Mighty Soldiers) is an all-female multi-platform online gaming group. It was founded in 2002 to provide a competitive, fun and positive environment for female gamers, and is one of the largest all-female gaming groups in the world.
Temes-Aga may refer to:

Brestovăț, Romania
Banatski Brestovac, Serbia
The Taxpayers Protection Alliance is a non-profit advocacy group based in Washington, D.C. The group monitors federal spending and issues reports, research, and analyses on spending and taxation it believes to be in excess.
Philippe Henry (born 23 April 1971) is a Belgian politician.
Twin Brothers is a 6,863-foot (2,092 m) Navajo Sandstone mountain in Zion National Park in Washington County , Utah, United States.


Steven Wayne Oliver (born 14 January 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the early 1990s.
Oliver, a forward from Castlemaine, was only 16 when he was selected by Carlton in the 1987 VFL draft. Like another draftee that year, Jamie Cox, Oliver was also a gifted cricketer and captained Victoria at the Australian Under-17 Championships in 1987/88. An all-rounder, he took 11 wickets in the tournament, including that of future Test player Damien Martyn. He ultimately chose to pursue a career in football but had to wait until he was 21 to make his senior AFL debut.
His first two league games came in the opening two rounds of the 1992 AFL season but he had no impact and was not selected for the rest of the year. He instead had a highly successful year with Castlemaine in the Bendigo Football League (BFL), kicking over 100 goals in the home and away season, before finishing the season with a premiership.
Oliver made six AFL appearances in 1993 and performed well when put at full-forward, filling in for an injured Stephen Kernahan. By the time the finals came he was out of the side and did not participate in Carlton's run to the grand final. After putting together just five games in 1994, Oliver returned home to Castlemaine for good.
He topped the BFL goal-kicking on three further occasions, in 1996, 2000 and 2005. In 2000 he had reached the one hundred goal mark for a third time, having also achieved the feat back in 1991 after a strong finals series. Castlemaine were the premiership winners in his two most prolific seasons, 1992 and 2000. He also won three Castlemaine "Best and Fairest" awards and towards the end of his time at the club became just the second player in BFL history to reach 1000 career goals.
Oliver was the manager of the Bendigo Golf Club after a five-year stint as the General Manager of the Bendigo Football Netball League, he is currently the manager at PFD Bendigo, and in 2010 ran as a National Party candidate for the seat of Bendigo West in the state election. Although the vote count was close enough to be decided by preferences, Oliver was unable to stop Maree Edwards from retaining the seat for Labor.
Under a Blood Red Sky is a live mini-album by Irish rock band U2, produced by Jimmy Iovine and released on 21 November 1983. The record's eight tracks were compiled from three concerts during the group's 1983 War Tour, including two songs from their 5 June performance at Red Rocks Amphitheatre. The concert film U2 Live at Red Rocks: Under a Blood Red Sky, recorded at the same Red Rocks show, was released as a companion to the live album. Both releases helped establish U2's reputation globally as a renowned live act.


The 1982 Volvo International was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in North Conway, New Hampshire in the United States and was part of the 1982 Volvo Grand Prix. It was the 10th edition of the tournament and was held from July 26 through August 2, 1982. Second-seeded Ivan Lendl won the singles title.
Tom Angleberger is an American children's writer, best known for the Origami Yoda series. As of March 2013, more than 3.3 million copies of his books had been sold worldwide. Angleberger lives in Virginia with his wife, Cece Bell, who is also a children's author.
Angleberger is also the author of children's books published under the name Sam Riddleburger.
Community practice also known as mezzo social work  is a branch of social work that focuses on larger social systems and social change, and is tied to the history of social work. The field of community practice social work encompasses community organizing and community organization, community building, social planning, human service management, community development, policy analysis, policy advocacy, mediation, electronic advocacy and other larger systems interventions.
In the UK the term is often used for community work or health visitors.
Although community practice has overlap with many other applied social science disciplines, such as urban planning, economic development, public affairs, rural sociology and nonprofit management, its roots go back as far as the 1890s. Community practice social workers typically have a Master of Social Work degree (MSW). There are several MSW programs in the United States that offer community practice concentrations, while others offer specializations in one or several types of community practice, such as social services administration or policy analysis. The professional group of community practitioners in the US is the Association for Community Organization and Social Administration (ACOSA), which publishes The Journal of Community Practice.
Ronald Joseph Bye (23 November 1937 – 24 September 2018) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. He was Minister of Transport and Communications from 1979–1981.
Todd Keeler-Wolf is a California botanist and ecologist who co-developed the "Sawyer and Keeler-Wolf classification system" of vegetation types.
He is Senior Vegetation Ecologist at the California Department of Fish and Game and headed the Vegetation Classification and Mapping Program. He was Program Director of the California Native Plant Society’s Vegetation Program. He is the author of numerous books and academic publications. He wrote Introduction to California Plant Life with Robert Ornduff and Phyllis M. Faber, and co-edited Terrestrial Vegetation of California with Alan A. Schoenherr and Michael Barbour.
Sten Priinits (born 10 November 1987) is an Estonian fencer.
He was born in Haapsalu. In 2017 he graduated from Tallinn University in physical education.
He began his fencing career in 1994, coached by his mother Helen Nelis-Naukas and uncle Peeter Nelis. His grandfather was fencer and coach Endel Nelis. He won silver medal at 2015 European Fencing Championships in team épée. He is multiple-times Estonian champion. Since 2009 he is a member of Estonian national fencing team.
Taganurga is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County in Estonia.
Dumosa is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately 21 km from Wycheproof, Victoria.
Dumosa was named after the tree White Mallee (Eucalyptus dumosa) which is common in the area. Dumosa Post Office opened on 6 July 1908 and closed in 1964.
Red Hot Rhythm and Blues is the seventeenth studio album by American R&B singer Diana Ross, released on May 8, 1987, by RCA Records and EMI Records. It was Ross' last of six albums released by the label during the decade. It was produced by veteran  Atlantic Records producer Tom Dowd with one track contributed by Luther Vandross.
Lwów Land (Polish: ziemia lwowska, Ukrainian: земля львівська, Latin: Terra Leopoliensis) was an administrative unit (ziemia) of the Kingdom of Poland and the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth between 1340 and 1772. Its capital was Lwów. Regional Sejmiks for Lwów Land, Sanok Land and Przemyśl Land took place in Sadowa Wisznia. The legal system of the Land was based on the Magdeburg Law.
Lwów Land, which was part of the Ruthenian Voivodeship, was divided into two counties - Lwów County and Żydaczów county. It sent six deputies to the Tribunal of the Crown of Poland and the land bordered Przemyśl Land and Sanok Land to the west, Belz Voivodeship to the north, and Halicz Land to the south. According to the 1676 royal report, in the Lwów Land there were 42 towns and 618 villages.
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle is a collection of annals in Old English, chronicling the history of the Anglo-Saxons.
The original manuscript of the Chronicle was created late in the ninth century, probably in Wessex, during the reign of Alfred the Great (r. 871–899). Its content, which incorporated sources now otherwise lost dating from as early as the seventh century, is known as the "Common Stock" of the Chronicle. Multiple copies were made of that one original and then distributed to monasteries across England, where they were updated, partly independently. These manuscripts collectively are known as the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. Almost all of the material in the Chronicle is in the form of annals, by year; the earliest is dated at 60 BC (the annals' date for Caesar's invasions of Britain). In one case, the Chronicle was still being actively updated in 1154.
Nine manuscripts of the Chronicle, none of which is the original, survive in whole or in part. Seven are held in the British Library, one in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, and the oldest in the Parker Library of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. The oldest seems to have been started towards the end of Alfred's reign, while the most recent was copied at Peterborough Abbey after a fire at that monastery in 1116. Some later medieval chronicles deriving from lost manuscripts contribute occasional further hints concerning Chronicle material.
Both because much of the information given in the Chronicle is not recorded elsewhere and because of the relatively clear chronological framework it provides for understanding events, the Chronicle is among the most influential historical sources for England between the collapse of Roman authority and the decades following the Norman Conquest; Nicholas Howe called it and Bede's Ecclesiastical History of the English People "the two great Anglo-Saxon works of history". The Chronicle's accounts tend to be highly politicised, with the Common Stock intended primarily to legitimise the dynasty and reign of Alfred the Great. Comparison between Chronicle manuscripts and with other medieval sources demonstrates that the scribes who copied or added to them omitted events or told one-sided versions of them, often providing useful insights into early medieval English politics.
The Chronicle manuscripts are also important sources for the history of the English language; in particular, in annals from 1131 onwards, the later Peterborough text provides key evidence for the transition from the standard Old English literary language to early Middle English, containing some of the earliest known Middle English text.
Haasan may refer to:

Akshara Haasan, Indian actress who has appeared in Tamil and Hindi-language films
Kamal Haasan (born 1954), Indian actor, filmmaker, screenwriter, television presenter, politician
Shruti Haasan (born 1986), Indian actress and singer who works in Tamil, Hindi and Telugu films
Kirsten Flipkens and Johanna Larsson were the defending champions, but Flipkens chose not to participate this year.
Larsson played alongside Kiki Bertens and successfully defended the title, defeating Luksika Kumkhum and Peangtarn Plipuech in the final, 6–4, 6–1.
Hymenochirus curtipes, also known as western dwarf clawed frog, is a species of frog in the family Pipidae. It is found in western Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjacent Republic of the Congo. It is likely to occur in the southernmost Central African Republic.
Hlavatce is a municipality and village in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 100 inhabitants.
Hlavatce lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of České Budějovice and 114 km (71 mi) south of Prague.
The Seville Expo '92 was a universal exposition that took place from Monday, April 20 to Monday, October 12, 1992, on La Isla de La Cartuja (Charterhouse Island), Seville, Spain. The theme for the expo was "The Age of Discovery", celebrating the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus reaching the Americas after launching from Seville's port (on the Guadalquivir), and over 100 countries were represented. The total amount of land used for the expo was 215 hectares (530 acres) and the total number of visitors was 41,814,571. The exposition ran at the same time as the smaller and shorter-duration Genoa Expo '92, a Specialized Exhibition, held in memory of Christopher Columbus, born in Genoa.
Namakauk is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.It is 392 m (1,286 ft) above sea level.
King'ori is an administrative ward in the Meru District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 20,670.
ASA (Autocostruzioni Società per Azioni) was an Italian automobile manufacturer active from 1961 to 1969, who is known for manufacturing the ASA 1000 GT. This car was developed by Ferrari engineers in the late 1950s as a less expensive, compact alternative to existing Ferrari GT cars. ASA used inline-four and straight-six engines derived from the "250" 3-litre V12 designed by Gioacchino Colombo. The chassis was developed by Giotto Bizzarrini and was derived from the tubular frame chassis of the 250 GTO.
The prototype that would become the ASA 1000 GT was first presented by Carrozzeria Bertone (Geneva 1961) under the name "Mille". Following this debut in late 1961, Enzo Ferrari decided to not sell the new car as a Ferrari and entrusted production to a close friend, Oronzio de Nora. The car was manufactured in Milan by a newly formed company called ASA (owned by the De Nora Electrochemical Group) from 1964 to 1969. The 1000 GT model was officially introduced in 1962, but due to production difficulties series production did not begin until 1964.
In mathematics, parabolic cylindrical coordinates are a three-dimensional orthogonal coordinate system that results from projecting the two-dimensional parabolic coordinate system in the
perpendicular 
  
    
      
        z
      
    
    {\displaystyle z}
  
-direction.  Hence, the coordinate surfaces are confocal parabolic cylinders. Parabolic cylindrical coordinates have found many applications, e.g., the potential theory of edges.
Dave's Picks Volume 3 is a three-CD live album by the rock band Grateful Dead. It features the complete concert recorded on October 22, 1971 at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago, Illinois, plus bonus tracks from the previous night's show at the same venue. The album was released on August 1, 2012.
The two concerts featured on Dave's Picks Volume 3 were keyboardist Keith Godchaux's second and third performances with the Grateful Dead. At the time, Ron "Pigpen" McKernan was too ill to tour, although he was still a member of the band. Godchaux's first appearance with the Dead occurred on October 19, 1971, at Northrop Auditorium, Minneapolis, Minnesota. His sixth performance with the Grateful Dead, also from the same tour, has been released as Download Series Volume 3. Just two months prior, the band had played the Auditorium Theater with McKernan, and some of those performances which have been released on Dick's Picks Volume 35.
Dave's Picks Volume 3 is the third installment in the Dave's Picks series of Grateful Dead archival releases, which succeeded the Road Trips series. It was produced as a limited edition of 12,000 copies.
The Vâjiștea is a left tributary of the river Teleorman in Romania. It discharges into the Teleorman in the village Teleormanu. Its length is 17 km (11 mi) and its basin size is 97 km2 (37 sq mi).
Daniel McCormick (1739/40 – 1834) was an Irish-born businessman who lived most of his life in New York City, where he was a founding director of the Bank of New York. He was a partner in Macomb's Purchase, in which about one-tenth of the land in the state of New York was acquired.
This is a list of aviation-related events from 1986.
David Bruno John Canzini  (born March 1964) is a political advisor who worked for the former British prime minister, Liz Truss. He formerly worked in the office of Prime Minister Boris Johnson, assisting the Downing Street chief of staff, Steve Barclay, as his deputy.
Canzini worked for the Conservative Party as an election agent and campaign director, before joining Lynton Crosby's consultancy CTF Partners. Canzini worked in Johnson's office, assisting Barclay, the Downing Street chief of staff, as his deputy. In October 2022 he joined Truss's political team in 10 Downing Street.
The First Baby is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Lewis Seiler and written by Lamar Trotti. The film stars Johnny Downs, Shirley Deane, Jane Darwell, Dixie Dunbar, Marjorie Gateson and Gene Lockhart. The film was released on April 2, 1936, by 20th Century Fox.
This is a list of programs currently and soon to be broadcast by Metro Channel. For the previous programs which are airing, see List of programs aired by Lifestyle/Metro Channel.
24 Chasa (Bulgarian: 24 часа, lit. '24 hours') is a Bulgarian daily newspaper. Its headquarters are located in Sofia.
The 26th SS Police Regiment (German: SS-Polizei-Regiment 23) was initially named Police Regiment North Norway (Polizei-Regiment Nord-Norwegen) when it was formed in early 1941 after the German invasion of Norway in 1940 from existing Order Police (Ordnungspolizei) units for security duties there. It was redesignated as the 26th Police Regiment in mid-1942 before it received the SS title in early 1943.
Aftermath: On Marriage and Separation is a 2012 divorce memoir by Rachel Cusk dealing with her marriage and divorce from her husband Adrian Clarke.  It follows two earlier memoirs, one related to their children: A Life's Work: On Becoming a Mother.
The bombinin family of antimicrobial peptides includes the bombinin and maximin proteins from Bombina maxima (Giant fire-bellied toad). Two groups of antimicrobial peptides have been isolated from skin secretions of B. maxima. Peptides in the first group, named maximins 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, are structurally related to bombinin-like peptides (BLPs). Unlike BLPs, sequence variations in maximins occurred all through the molecules. In addition to the potent antimicrobial activity, cytotoxicity against tumour cells and spermicidal action of maximins, maximin 3 possessed a significant anti-Simian-Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) activity. Maximins 1 and 3 have been found to be toxic to mice. Peptides in the second group, termed maximins H1, H2, H3 and H4, are homologous with bombinin H peptides.
Adult neurogenesis is the process in which neurons are generated from neural stem cells in the adult. This process differs from prenatal neurogenesis.
In most mammals, new neurons are born throughout adulthood in two regions of the brain:

The subgranular zone (SGZ), part of the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus, where neural stem cells give birth to granule cells (implicated in memory formation and learning).
The subventricular zone (SVZ) of the lateral ventricles, which can be divided into three microdomains: lateral, dorsal and medial. Neural stem cells migrate to the olfactory bulb through the rostral migratory stream where they differentiate into interneurons participating in the sense of smell.  In humans, however, few if any olfactory bulb neurons are generated after birth.
More attention has been given to the neurogenesis in the dentate gyrus than in the striatum.  In rodents, many of the newborn dentate gyrus neurons die shortly after they are born, but a number of them become functionally integrated into the surrounding brain tissue.  Adult neurogenesis in rodents is reported to play a role in learning and memory, emotion, stress, depression, response to injury, and other conditions.
The numbers of neurons born in the human adult hippocampus remains controversial; some studies have reported that in adult humans about 700 new neurons are added in the hippocampus every day, while more recent studies show that adult hippocampal neurogenesis does not exist in humans, or, if it does, it is at undetectable levels.  Recent evidence shows that adult neurogenesis is basically extinct in humans. The experiments advocating for the presence of adult neurogenesis have focused on how dual antigen retrieval finds that DCX antibodies are staining many cells within the adult human dentate gyrus. This finding is not as clear though as supporters of adult neurogenesis suggest; the dentate gyrus cells stained with DCX have been shown to have a mature morphology, contrasting the idea that novel neurons are being generated within the adult brain. The role of new neurons in human adult brain function thus remains unclear.
Gaura is a village in Jamo block of Amethi district, Uttar Pradesh, India. The namesake of the historical pargana of Gaura Jamun, Gaura consists of a main site called Gaura khas in the northeast surrounded by several smaller hamlets. The village lands are fertile and contain many orchard groves. In the east-central part there is a large jhil which provides a convenient source of irrigation but also sometimes overflows and floods the surrounding fields. Gaura is located just north of Jamo on the Gauriganj-Jagdishpur road, and another road also leads off to Musafirkhana.
As of 2011, Gaura has a population of 4,349 people, in 700 households. It has 3 primary schools and a family welfare centre and it does not host a regular market or weekly haat. It serves as the seat of a nyaya panchayat which also includes 6 other villages.
Autobahn Country Club is an auto racing road course located in Joliet, Illinois, operated as a country club, while also hosting many outside events. Autobahn was the first purpose-built motorsports country club in the United States, and has inspired several others. The club has a sanctioning body called Autobahn Member Racing, which hosts series for Spec Miatas, GT cars, karts, Radical Sportscars, a discipline called Chase Racing similar to bracket racing, open wheel cars, as well as competitions for rallycross and autocross. As of the 2023 race season, the club requires a $45,000 membership initiation fee. Annual dues is $6100. Membership includes unlimited access to the tracks six days a week in season (April - October), use of the Member Clubhouse, which contains a bar and 40,000 sq. ft. event space.  Members can purchase land to build garages and personal condos. A Social/Karting Membership is $5900 and includes all Member Social Events and unlimited access to the go-kart track at Kart Circuit Autobahn, during member hours. Notable members include legendary racers Bobby Rahal, Graham Rahal, David Heinemeier Hansson, Cooper MacNeil, Jay Howard, Peter Dempsey, and Tom Bagley. Many members use the club to drive their exotic and classic cars.
The facility is available for rent by private groups. It hosts events for various organizations including the SCCA, NASA, Gridlife, Midwestern Council, PCA, One Lap of America, and various marque and track day clubs. Many manufacturers also rent the facility for marketing events.
The Pine Gulch Fire was a wildfire that burned in Mesa County and Garfield County, Colorado in the United States. The fire was started by a lightning strike and first reported on July 31, 2020, and quickly grew, resulting in the fire being named the largest wildfire in Colorado history, surpassing the 2002 Hayman Fire. Almost seven weeks later, it was surpassed by the Cameron Peak Fire in Larimer County.
The Pine Gulch Fire burned on private and public lands and threatened gas and oil drilling infrastructure. The fire resulted in the closure of highways, government-managed and recreational land, and the evacuation of rural residences in the fire zone. The fire was declared 100% contained on September 23, and all evacuation orders were lifted. In total, the fire burned 139,007 acres (56,254 ha).
Elephant Butte is a summit that is now in the Elephant Butte Reservoir and within the Elephant Butte Lake State Park in Sierra County, New Mexico. It has an elevation of 4,639 feet (1,414 m). It was named for its shape, which is said to look like an elephant.
Originally a tall butte along the east bank of the Rio Grande, Elephant Butte became an island in Elephant Butte Reservoir upon the completion of the Elephant Butte Dam. The recent lowering of the level of the reservoir has made it a peninsula. A nearly-complete 3-million-year-old stegomastodon fossil was discovered at Elephant Butte by campers on June 9, 2014.


Hilton of Cadboll, or simply Hilton, (Scottish Gaelic: Baile a' Chnuic) is a village about 15 km (9 mi) southeast of Tain in Easter Ross, in the Scottish council area of Highland. It is famous for the Hilton of Cadboll Stone.
Hilton of Cadboll, Balintore, and Shandwick are known collectively as the Seaboard Villages.
Daudov (Russian: Даудов) is a Russian masculine surname. Its feminine counterpart is Daudova. It may refer to:

Ibragimkhalil Daudov (1960–2012), Dagestani militant
Magomed Daudov (born 1980),  Military and political figure of the Chechen Republic
Marat Daudov (born 1989), Ukrainian football player
Qiaotou Township (Chinese: 桥头乡)  is a township-level division situated in Baoding, Hebei, China.
Matt "Raggs" Ragghianti is an American television writer and writer's assistant.  He wrote an episode of the second season of Lost and was a writer's assistant during the first two seasons of the show. The Lost writing staff were nominated for the Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2007 ceremony for their work on the second and third seasons.
Wanderers is the seventh studio album by Austrian symphonic metal band Visions of Atlantis, released by Napalm Records on 30 August 2019.
BT Redcare is the largest supplier of alarm signalling services for security and fire in the UK. It was established over thirty years ago, and works with both the business and domestic markets.
Redcare is a widely deployed service from BT, used in the UK. Redcare signalling is fitted by alarm installation companies (“installers”), then provides a signal from a customer’s premises to an alarm receiving centre (ARC).
ARCs monitor the signal 24 hours a day and, when necessary, alert the customer, nominated persons, police and fire services.
The BT Redcare Network has 99.997% reliability and is a dedicated network developed for security alarm and fire alarm signalling. It is supported by BT technology.
The system transmits a continuous signal on a standard telephone line, which can also be used for voice and broadband services, to prevent alarm systems being defeated by the line being cut.
Redcare Classic works below the voice frequency spectrum on a phone line in order to avoid interference with calls or broadband, which uses frequencies above the voice spectrum.
Other versions also use GSM (mobile) as a backup to the main phone line or can function using either wireless (2G/3G mobile data) or IP as the primary connection all backed up by an alternative signalling path. These 2G/3G and IP offerings are marketed by Redcare under their Secure product range. Both WiFi and built-in-router direct-to-ADSL versions were available to make direct IP connections; the most basic model in the last line-up used WiFi to connect to 'any' provider, the Ultimate service used a dedicated DSL line serving only the comms unit which could only be provided by Openreach.
BT Redcare fire and security product have insurer-endorsed LPS 1277 third-party certification.
On 1 February 2024, BT announced that it would close its BT Redcare operations on 1 August 2025. 
The company’s products include:

Security
Redcare Classic
Redcare GSM Roaming
Redcare Secure IP
Redcare Secure 3
Redcare Secure 2
Redcare Secure Solo
Fire
Redcare Secure Fire IP
Redcare Secure Fire
Redcare Classic Fire
Kaitoku Seamount (海徳海山 in Japanese) is an active submarine complex volcano located in the Bonin Islands of Japan.
Filipe Kartalian Ayrosa Galvão, better known by his stage name Fiuk (born October 25, 1990) is a Brazilian singer-songwriter and actor. He is better known for his role as Bernardo Oliveira in the seventeenth season of the telenovela Malhação. He started career as a member of the band No Name and later as the lead singer of the band Hori, before starting a solo career. Fiuk was born in São Paulo, Brazil, and is a son of the fellow musician Fábio Júnior and the businesswoman Cristina Kartalian. He has four siblings: half-sister Cléo Pires (daughter of Glória Pires), Krízia, Tainá and Záion. Besides his acting and musical career, Fiuk is also a drifting pilot. He declared the intention to compete in Japan.
Police Ladies Football Club is a Ghanaian professional women's football club based in Accra. The club features in the Ghana Women's Premier League.
"Workin on Me" is a song by American rapper Russ and American singer 6lack, released on May 17, 2024.
Vaughtia purpuroides is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Yannick Chenevard (born 27 November 1959) is a French politician from La République En Marche!. He was elected as a deputy for Var's 1st constituency in the 2022 French legislative election.
The Eurasian spoonbill (Platalea leucorodia), or common spoonbill, is a wading bird of the ibis and spoonbill family Threskiornithidae, native to Europe, Africa and Asia. The species is partially migratory with the more northerly breeding populations mostly migrating south for the winter.


Aleksandrówka [alɛksanˈdrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Belsk Duży, 8 km (5 mi) west of Grójec, and 44 km (27 mi) south of Warsaw.
The Icui is a right tributary of the river Bega in Romania. It discharges into the Bega in Margina. Its length is 16 km (9.9 mi) and its basin size is 53 km2 (20 sq mi).
Brothers Voitka are Ülo Voitka (born 7 October 1968) and Aivar Voitka (born 17 March 1967). They were Estonian Forest Brothers 1986–2000. 27 March 1986 the brothers became forest brothers, when they fled with Aavo Voitka and Aivar Votika from soviet recruitment.  Aavo Voitka and Aivar Voitka were eventually caught and punished, but Ülo and Aivar managed to continue their hiding till the year 2000, 9 years after the Estonian restoration of Independence. They were spotted and reported to the authorities by a local who saw them. When the police surrounded the brothers, the brothers opened fire in the direction of police, but did not hit anyone. K-kommando was brought, and through negotiation, the brothers surrendered. The punishment of brothers was controversial.
They are arguably the last forest brothers.
Venus's looking-glass is a common name for several plant species including:

All members of the genus Triodanis
Legousia speculum-veneris
Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar is a series of three albums - Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar, Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar Some More, and Return of the Son of Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar - released by Frank Zappa in 1981. The albums consist solely of electric guitar instrumentals and improvised solos (mostly) played live by Zappa and featuring a wide variety of backing musicians. 
The music was well received by critics, and Zappa subsequently produced additional albums focusing solely on guitar-oriented instrumental music.
The albums were initially released as individual LPs in May 1981 on Barking Pumpkin Records and sold only through mail order in the United States. The recordings were subsequently reissued as a triple album box set in 1982 and distributed by CBS Records in Europe. The complete package later appeared as a two CD set. 


This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Morocco Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match. Morocco have taken part in the competition since 1961.
These are the official results of the Women's 100 metres event at the 1983 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 49 participating athletes, with seven qualifying heats and the final held on Monday 1983-08-08.
At the start, Koch and Ashford were out fast, and even until 40 metres into the race when Ashford pulled up with a hamstring injury.  Göhr gained steadily on her teammate Koch, passing her at 80 meters.  Sensing a further challenge from Diane Williams - who had crossed from her lane 6 to her left and front of Merlene Ottey in Lane 5, Koch leaned at the finish to hold on to second.
These are the official results of the 2013 South American Championships in Athletics which took place on July 5–7 in Cartagena, Colombia.
Carters Creek is a stream in Maury and Williamson counties, Tennessee, in the United States. There was a Civil War engagement there on Monday, April 27, 1863, in which 128 rebels were captured by Union Cavalry.
Carters Creek was named for Capt. Benjamin Carter, a pioneer.
The Diocese of Dar es Salaam is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Tanzania. 
The current bishop is the Right Reverend Jackson Sosthenes.
Engage is a British website, and briefly an online journal (from 2006–07), that aims to help people counter the boycott Israel campaign. Engage describes its mission as to "challenge left and liberal antisemitism in the labour movement, in our universities and in public life."
ATRM or atrm may refer to:

Aetrium, a company, by NASDAQ stock ticker
atrm, a Unix at computer command
AT&T SportsNet Rocky Mountain
East Haven Academy is a public Magnet school in East Haven, Connecticut that enrolls children in grades 1-8.  It opened on September 3, 1997.  In 2005 "
EHA" was recognized as a Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education.
In September 2007 a team of four 8th grade students from EHA won Gold Medals in
the Science Olympics held at Academy of Our Lady of Mercy, Lauralton Hall which tested teams of students in the subject areas of Physics, Chemistry, Geology, and Biology.  The school maintains an active chapter of the National Junior Honor Society.
Monmouth Township is a township in Jackson County, Iowa, United States.
Laccognathus is an extinct genus of amphibious lobe-finned fish from Europe and North America. They existed from the Middle Devonian to the Late Devonian (around 397.5 to 360 mya). The name comes from Greek for 'pitted jaw'.
The Transitional Presidential Council (TPC; French: Conseil présidentiel de transition; Haitian Creole: Konsèy Prezidansyèl Tranzisyon) is a temporary body constituted on 12 April 2024 and sworn in on 25 April to exercise the powers and duties of the President of Haiti either until an elected president is inaugurated or until 7 February 2026, whichever comes first.
Clarence Atwell Jr. (November 30, 1945 – February 28, 2013) was an American Tachi Yokuts tribal leader and politician. He served as the Chairman of the Tachi Yokuts of Santa Rosa Rancheria from 1967 until 2009.  Atwell has been widely credited with improving the standard of living on the Santa Rosa Rancheria reservation during his 42-year tenure as Chairman of the Tachi Yokuts.
Atwell was born on Tachi Yokuts land, under a tree, on November 30, 1945. His father was a medicine man. He was raised by his grandmother, who only spoke the Tachi language. She taught Atwell indigenous Tachi Yokuts traditions and hunting techniques. Clarence Atwell would later become a medicine man like his father. As an adult, Clarence Atwell Jr. held bear dances and sweat lodge throughout California.
Clarence Atwell died from cancer at Adventist Medical Center in Hanford, California, on February 28, 2013, at the age of 67. His first wife, Audrey, died in 2000. He was survived by his second wife, Jeanette, whom he married in 2002. He had two children from his first marriage: Kaya Atwell, and Rufus Atwell.
Maireana thesioides (common name - Mulga blue-bush) is a plant in the Amaranthaceae family, native to Western Australia.
It was first described as Kochia thesioides by Charles Austin Gardner in 1941 or 1942, but was transferred to the genus, Maireana in 1975 by Paul Graham Wilson.
From the Vaults is a compilation album by American rock band The Beau Brummels. It was released in 1982 by Rhino Records, and reissued in 1999 by One Way Records. The album contains 14 songs, including rare or previously unreleased material recorded by the band between 1964 and 1966.
Frank Olijve (born 7 March 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for DVS '33. He formerly played for FC Groningen, PEC Zwolle, FC Emmen, Orange County SC and De Graafschap.
Sharak-e Nabovat (Persian: شهرك نبوت) is a village in, and the capital of, Nabovat Rural District of the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam province, Iran.
Thunderbolt Fantasy (Thunderbolt Fantasy -東離劍遊紀-, Sandāboruto Fantajī: Tōriken Yūki, lit. Thunderbolt Fantasy: Sword Travels in the East), also known as Thunderbolt Fantasy: Sword Seekers, is a Japanese-Taiwanese glove puppetry television series created and written by Gen Urobuchi and produced as a collaboration between Japanese companies Nitroplus and Good Smile Company and Taiwanese puppet production company Pili International Multimedia, creators of Pili ("Thunderbolt") series. The series began airing in Japan starting July 8, 2016 and is being simulcast by Bahamut and iQiyi Taiwan in Taiwan, bilibili in Mainland China, and Crunchyroll in the United States. It has two official languages: the Taiwanese Min-Nan version aired in Taiwan, and the Japanese version aired outside Taiwan. A manga adaptation illustrated by Yui Sakuma was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Morning magazine from July 21, 2016 to April 6, 2017. A second adaption, told from the perspective of Dān Fěi, and illustrated by Kairi Shimotsuki, was serialized in Akita Shoten's Champion Cross online magazine on September 27, 2016 to February 28, 2017. A side novel that focuses on the pasts of Lǐn Xuě Yā, Xíng Hài, and Shā Wú Shēng was released on April 7, 2017, and was partially adapted into a film released on December 2, 2017. A second season aired in 2018, while a film prequel to it was released on October 25, 2019. A third season aired in 2021. A fourth season will air in 2024, with a series finale film releasing in 2025.


Kazuya Igarashi (五十嵐 和也, Igarashi Kazuya, born October 24, 1965) is a former Japanese football player.
Garazhi (Russian: Гаражи) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Gorodetskoye Rural Settlement, Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 249 as of 2002. There are five streets.
The African Company of Merchants or Company of Merchants Trading to Africa was a British chartered company operating from 1752 to 1821 in the Gold Coast area of modern Ghana, engaged in the Atlantic slave trade.
Minuscule 90 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 652 (Soden), known as Codex Jo. Fabri, is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 16th century. It has full marginalia.
An oblique wing (also called a slewed wing) is a variable geometry wing concept. On an aircraft so equipped, the wing is designed to rotate on center pivot, so that one tip is swept forward while the opposite tip is swept aft. By changing its sweep angle in this way, drag can be reduced at high speed (with the wing swept) without sacrificing low speed performance (with the wing perpendicular). This is a variation on the classic swing-wing design, intended to simplify construction and retain the center of gravity as the sweep angle is changed.
Firefly Music Festival was a music festival produced by AEG Presents that was first held on July 20–22, 2012, in Dover, Delaware. Firefly takes place in The Woodlands of Dover Motor Speedway, a 105-acre (42 ha) festival ground, over the span of three days. Many nationally known musical acts have performed at the festival, with over 100 performances held over the course of the festival in 2016. The festival producers had worked together to establish the event at the current venue with the hopes of having "an open-air festival on the East Coast with plenty of outdoor camping". In past years, the festival has included up to seven stages: The Porch Stage, The Lawn Stage, The Backyard Stage, the Treehouse, The Coffee House, The Pavilion and The Firefly Stage. In 2019, the festival had six main stages (The Firefly Stage, The Prism, The Lawn, The Hideaway, Treehouse and The Roost), two sponsor stages (Bud Light Dive Bar and Toyota Music Den), and one stage in each camping hub (North Hub Beach Club and South Hub). Firefly offers three different pass options; general admission, VIP, and Super VIP.
The festival was held from 2012 through 2021 (the 2020 edition was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic). It went on hiatus in 2023; however, it was announced by its promoters that it will return in 2024. On February 29, 2024, Firefly’s promoters announced via social media that the festival “will not return in 2024.”
Els van Doesburg (born 24 May, 1989) is a Dutch-Belgian politician of the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA) party who has served as a member of the Flemish Parliament since 2024 for the Antwerp constituency.
Moose milk, also known as elk milk, refers to milk produced by moose (Alces alces). Though it is most commonly consumed by moose calves, its production has also been commercialised in Russia and Sweden.
Tariq Ahmed Karim is a Bangladeshi diplomat and former ambassador to the United States and the former High Commissioner to India. He also served as Chairman of Bangladesh Institute of International and Strategic Studies.


Balaram Gharti Magar is a political leader of Nepal. He became minister 11 times in the past, during Panchayat System, and after the declaration of multi-party system. Roughly, he remained in different governments as a minister for about 30 years in the past. He is a Central Committee Member, Senior Member, of Rastriya Prajatantra Party (RPP). He is still actively taking part in his party activities. He has been visiting his birthplace, Rolpa, and Rolpali people time to time.
The Kamyshin Watermelon Festival (Russian: Камышинский арбузный фестиваль) is an annual Russian entertainment festival held in the city of Kamyshin in the Volgograd Oblast. Similar to the Moscow City Day celebrations, the festival is held on the city's birthday in late August and honors the city's claim to fame – Watermelons, of which it officially known to be the country's watermelon capital. Concerts, exhibitions and sales are organized in every town square all day long, including a huge civilian parade which includes marching bands and giant floats.
Umrao Singh Yadav  (21 November 1920 – 21 November 2005) was an Indian recipient of the Victoria Cross (VC), the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.  He was a non-commissioned officer in the Royal Artillery or the Royal Indian Artillery to be awarded the Victoria Cross during the Second World War, and the last survivor of only 40 Indian soldiers to be awarded the VC between 1912, when Indians first became eligible to be awarded the VC, to Indian independence in 1947.
Mount Bagot is a 2,181-metre (7,156-foot) mountain summit located on, and in part defining, the international border between British Columbia, Canada, and Alaska, United States.
The Sound is the third studio album by the San Francisco, California-based band New Monsoon. It was produced by Michael Shrieve (former drummer for Carlos Santana) and Paul Kimble.
Milochov is a village in the Považská Bystrica District, Trenčín Region of northwestern Slovakia
The men's 100 metres at the 2014 IPC Athletics European Championships was held at the Swansea University Stadium from 18–23 August.
(163899) 2003 SD220 is a sub-kilometer asteroid and tumbling slow rotator, classified as near-Earth object and potentially hazardous asteroid of the Aten group, which orbit the Sun between Venus and Earth. Its orbital period of 0.75 years means that it orbits the Sun about 4 times for every 3 of the Earth. It was discovered on 29 September 2003, by astronomers of the Lowell Observatory Near-Earth-Object Search at Anderson Mesa Station near Flagstaff, Arizona.
Demond "Brent" Leggs (born 22 November 1972) is an African American architectural historian and preservationist from Paducah, Kentucky. Among his roles at the National Trust for Historic Preservation he has been the founding director of the African American Cultural Heritage Action Fund, with the goal of raising $25,000,000 to protect and preserve African American history via material culture and beyond.
He has played a role in reframing the idea of historic preservation, expanding its scope and its approach, including ways of using preservation activities to encourage and develop community resilience and sustainability. Leggs' work is guided, he says, by the idea that preservation is "about economic development" and "the empowerment of people as much as it's about the history."
Sir William Corbet, 5th Baronet (1702–1748), of Stoke, Shropshire was a British merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1728 to 1748.
Corbet was the eldest son of Sir Robert Corbet, 4th Baronet and his wife Jane Hooker, daughter of William Hooker. He married Harriot Pitt, daughter of Robert Pitt and Harriet Villiers of Boconnoc, Cornwall and elder sister of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham.
Corbet stood unsuccessfully for Parliament at Newcastle-under-Lyme at a by-election in November 1724. He was man with some financial ability and in 1726 he was an Assistant in the Royal African Company. He joined interest with Henry Herbert, who supported him at Montgomery Boroughs at the  1727 general election. There was a double return in the poll and Corbet was not seated  as  Member of Parliament until 16 April 1728. He was on the board of the Royal African Company again from 1728 to 1731 and was one of three MPs who guided a petition relating to the Company's forts through Parliament in 1729 and 1730, in the face of opposition from the free traders to Africa.  He was returned unopposed as MP for Montgomery Boroughs at the 1734 general election. He voted consistently with the Government and his only reported speech was in 1739 against the repeal of the Test Act.  His father died on 3 October 1740 and he succeeded to the baronetcy. In 1741 he was appointed to the post of Commissioner of Revenue for Ireland which was worth £1,000 p.a. He transferred to Ludlow, another seat of Lord Powis, at the 1741 general election and was returned unopposed. He gave up his post as Commissioner of Revenue for Ireland in 1747, as under the Place Act 1742, holding it was incompatible with a seat in Parliament, and he was returned unopposed at the 1747 general election. In 1748 he was appointed to a life sinecure of Clerk of the Pipe worth about £500 p.a.
Corbet died without issue on 15 Sept 1748 of a dropsy.
Stepan Yeghiayi Zoryan (Armenian: Ստեփան Եղիայի Զորյան, born Stepan Yeghiayi Arakelyan; September 16, 1890 – October 14, 1967) was a Soviet Armenian writer.
The volleyball competition at the 1991 European Youth Olympic Days was held from 18 to 20 July. The events took place in Brussels, Belgium. Girls  born 1976 or 1977 or later participated in the event. No boys event was held. The event was held in the traditional indoor team format.
Iroro Tanshi (born 1984 or 1985) is a Nigerian tropical ecologist and conservationist who studies the ecology and diversity of African bats. She is a co-founder of, the Small Mammal Conservation Organisation (SMACON), a Nigerian NGO, where she is director of research programs and mentors students and peers in species conservation.
The Danish collaborator trials took place in Denmark in the aftermath of World War II. Danish citizens who were accused of collaborating with the Nazis during their occupation of Denmark were put on trial.
The basis for the trials was the Criminal Code supplement drawn up in the last year of the Occupation, and adopted shortly after Liberation. The Criminal Code Supplement criminalized acts that had taken place after August 29, 1943; this became one of the most serious criticisms of this law, that it retroactively applied to actions before it passed.
The accused under the penal code supplement were in particular persons who had participated in German war service or had had undue financial cooperation with the occupying power. Trials were conducted at the Copenhagen Municipal Court (da:Københavns Byret) and sentences were passed from November 1947 to November 1950.
After the war, 101 men and 2 women were sentenced to death by the treason court cases during the German occupation of Denmark. Of these, the 78 judgments were upheld by both the Eastern and Western Lands and the Supreme Court. Forty-six men were executed, while 30 men and two women were pardoned by the Justice Minister and allowed to change their sentences to life in prison.
Of the 32 who served life imprisonment, the last was released in 1956. All foreign nationals who had been sentenced to death were pardoned, so only Danish nationals were executed.
The two women who were sentenced to death were Grethe Bartram and Anna Lund Lorentzen. Both sentences were commuted to life imprisonment and both women were released in 1956.
In 2005 the Danish government formally apologized for its role in aiding the Nazis during the war.
Captain Alexander Smollett is the fictional captain of the schooner Hispaniola in Robert Louis Stevenson's 1883 novel Treasure Island. He plays an important part in disciplining the main characters on the ship as the story progresses, and helps the protagonists survive against the pirates later on.
Our Lady of the Rosary Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral Nuestra Señora del Rosario de Paraná), also called Paraná Cathedral, is the main Catholic church in the city of Parana, Entre Rios Province, in the South American country of Argentina.
It is located on the street S.S. Francisco (formerly Monte Caseros) between Urquiza and 25 de Mayo streets, in front of the 1 de Mayo Square.
The building, in eclectic style, has two towers and a dome, three naves and at the entrance a statue of St. Peter. It was declared a national historic heritage, so it is one of the most recognized buildings among the city's inhabitants and a popular tourist attraction.
Our Paradise (French: Notre Paradis)  is a 2011 French film written and directed by Gaël Morel.


Nihilism is a philosophical doctrine suggesting the negation of one or more putatively meaningful aspects of life. It has several forms:

Existential nihilism, the theory that life has no meaning
Mereological nihilism, disbelief in objects with proper parts
Metaphysical nihilism, the belief that there is a possible world in which there are no concrete objects at all
Epistemological nihilism, disbelief in knowledge
Moral nihilism, disbelief in objective moral facts
Political nihilism, the rejection of the necessity of fundamental social or political structures
Nihilism may also refer to:

Russian nihilist movement, a cultural and philosophical movement in Russia from the late 19th century
"Nihilism", a song by Rancid from their 1994 album Let's Go
Nihilism (Alexander McQueen collection), a fashion collection by Alexander McQueen
The Baba language, Supapyak’, is a Grassfields Bantu language of Cameroon.
Aliso Niguel High School (ANHS), which is part of the Capistrano Unified School District, is located in the city of Aliso Viejo, California.  Most of its students reside in the communities of Aliso Viejo and Laguna Niguel. The school is a California Distinguished School, a National Blue Ribbon School, and a New American High School.
Thalassemias are inherited blood disorders that result in abnormal hemoglobin. Symptoms depend on the type of thalassemia and can vary from none to severe. Often there is mild to severe anemia (low red blood cells or hemoglobin) as thalassemia can affect the production of red blood cells and also affect how long the red blood cells live. Symptoms of anemia include feeling tired and having pale skin. Other symptoms of thalassemia include bone problems, an enlarged spleen, yellowish skin, pulmonary hypertension, and dark urine. Slow growth may occur in children. Symptoms and presentations of thalassemia can change over time. Older terms included Cooley's anemia and Mediterranean anemia for beta-thalassemia.  These have been superseded by the terms Transfusion-Dependent Thalassemia (TDT) and non-Transfusion-Dependent Thalassemia (NTDT).  Patients with TDT require regular transfusions, typically every two to five weeks.  TDTs include Beta-thalassemia major, nondeletional HbH disease, survived Hb Bart's disease, and severe HbE/beta-thalassemia.
Thalassemias are genetic disorders. There are two main types, alpha thalassemia and beta thalassemia. The severity of alpha and beta thalassemia depends on how many of the four genes for alpha globin or two genes for beta globin are missing. Diagnosis is typically by blood tests including a complete blood count, special hemoglobin tests, and genetic tests. Diagnosis may occur before birth through prenatal testing.
Treatment depends on the type and severity. Treatment for those with more severe disease often includes regular blood transfusions, iron chelation, and folic acid. Iron chelation may be done with deferoxamine, deferasirox or deferiprone. Occasionally, a bone marrow transplant may be an option. Complications may include iron overload from the transfusions with resulting heart or liver disease, infections, and osteoporosis. If the spleen becomes overly enlarged, surgical removal may be required. Thalassemia patients who do not respond well to blood transfusions can take hydroxyurea or thalidomide, and sometimes a combination of both. Hydroxyurea is the only FDA approved drug for thalassemia. Patients who took 10 mg/kg of hydroxyurea every day for a year had significantly higher hemoglobin levels, and it was a well-tolerated treatment for patients who did not respond well to blood transfusions. Other known hemoglobin-inducers include thalidomide, but it has not been tested in a clinical setting. The combination of thalidomide and hydroxyurea resulted in hemoglobin levels increasing significantly in transfusion-dependent and non-transfusion dependent patients 
As of 2015, thalassemia occurs in about 280 million people, with about 439,000 having severe disease. It is most common among people of Greek, Italian, Middle Eastern, South Asian, and African descent. Males and females have similar rates of disease. It resulted in 16,800 deaths in 2015, down from 36,000 deaths in 1990. Those who have minor degrees of thalassemia, in common with those who have sickle-cell trait, have some protection against malaria, explaining why sickle-cell trait and thalassemia are more common in regions of the world where the risk of malaria is higher. An estimated 1/3 of people with thalassemia have "non-transfusion dependent thalassemia" and do not depend on regularly continuing blood transfusions to survive.
The 2016–17 Botola 2 was the 55th season of Botola 2, the second division of the Moroccan football league.
Tuscarora Township is a township in Bradford County, Pennsylvania and is part of Northeastern Pennsylvania. Its population was 1,131 at the 2010 census.
Masayoshi Hamada (浜田 昌良, Hamada Masayoshi, born February 28, 1957 in Osaka) is a Japanese politician.  He is a former representative in Diet and is a member of the New Komeito Party.  In 1980 he left Kyoto University's graduate school mid-term to work in the Biochemical-Industry Division of Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI).  He retired from METI in 2003 and in 2004 was elected to the Diet's Upper House.  In 2006, he became the Ministry of Foreign Affairs's Parliamentary Secretary in the Shinzō Abe cabinet.
He earned his undergraduate degree from Kyoto University in 1979.


James Bernard Shofner (December 18, 1935 – July 17, 2021) was an American football player and coach at both the collegiate and professional levels. He was twice a head coach: first at Texas Christian University (TCU) from 1974 to 1976, then in an interim capacity with the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL) in 1990.
Docking is the removal of portions of an animal's tail. While docking and bobbing are more commonly used to refer to removal of the tail, the term cropping is used in reference to the ears. Tail docking occurs in one of two ways. The first involves constricting the blood supply to the tail with a rubber ligature for a few days until the tail falls off. The second involves the severance of the tail with surgical scissors or a scalpel. The length to which tails are docked varies by breed, and is often specified in the breed standard.
Docking is illegal, or restricted, in many countries.
Some dog breeds have naturally occurring bobtail lines. These appear similar to docked dogs but are a distinct naturally occurring phenotype.
The Monongahela Connecting Railroad (reporting mark MCRR) or Mon Conn is a three-mile industrial railroad line in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was a subsidiary of the Jones & Laughlin Steel Company and a large portion of its work was for its parent company, though it also serves other industries along the line.
Qian Chen is a Chinese-American medical scientist who is currently the Michael G. Ehrlich Endowed Chair Professor in Orthopaedic Research at the Alpert Medical School, a part of Brown University.


Frank Vaganée (born 19 March 1966, in Mechelen) is a Belgian jazz saxophonist and composer. He has his own trio with Philippe Aerts recently replaced by Rosario Bonnacorso on the double bass, and Dré Pallemaerts on drums.  He is co-leader of the Frank Vaganée/Mike Del Ferro Quartet and also is the artistic leader of the Brussels Jazz Orchestra.  He won the Belgian Golden Django award for best artist in 2001.
Chester W. Hartman (1936-2023) was an American urban planner, author, and academic. He was Director of Research of the Poverty & Race Research Action Council (PRRAC) in Washington, D.C. Previously, he was PRRAC's Executive Director. He was also a Fellow of the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington and the Transnational Institute in Amsterdam as well as founder and former chair of the Planners Network, a national organization of progressive planners and community organizers. He has served on the faculty of Harvard University, Yale University, the University of North Carolina, Cornell University, the University of California, Berkeley, George Washington University, Columbia University, and, most recently, the University of Massachusetts, Boston.
Hartman has served on the Editorial Boards of the Journal of Negro Education, Journal of Urban Affairs, Housing Policy Debate, Urban Affairs Quarterly, Housing Studies, and the National Low Income Housing Coalition, of which he is former Secretary.
He has served as a consultant to numerous public and private agencies, including the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, the United States Commission on Civil Rights, Stanford Research Institute (now named SRI International), Arthur D. Little, California Rural Legal Assistance, the Urban Coalition, the California Department of Housing and Community Development, and the Legal Aid Society of New York.
Vanda L. Watkins (born August 7, 1976), known professionally as Criminal Manne, is an American rapper and actor from Tennessee. He is a former member of the Memphis-based hip hop trio the Project Playaz. As a solo artist, his second album, Street Ways (2005) peaked at number 97 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, followed by his collaborative album with Pastor Troy: Atlanta 2 Memphis (2006), which peaked at number 88. Criminal Manne has also starred in the films Da Neighborhood Dopemane and The Woods.
Santa Cristina d'Aspromonte is a comune in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,086 and an area of 23.1 square kilometres (8.9 sq mi).  In 2022 there is less than 600. 
Santa Cristina d'Aspromonte borders the following municipalities: Careri, Cosoleto, Oppido Mamertina, Platì, San Luca, Scido.
Emily Hitchcock Terry (November 9, 1838 - February 6, 1921) was an American botanist and illustrator.
Serhiy Prytula Charity Foundation (Ukrainian: Благодійний фонд Сергія Притули) is a Ukrainian charitable organization that specializes in helping the Ukrainian Defense Forces and civilians affected by the Russian-Ukrainian war. It is engaged in the purchase and supply of vehicles, unmanned aerial vehicles, thermal imagers, radios, equipment, mobile healthcare, module housing, school shelters, humanitarian demining and medicines.
Niterói: Revista Brasiliense (Portuguese for Niterói: Brazilian Magazine) was a magazine created in 1836 by three of the most prominent Brazilian writers at the time: Gonçalves de Magalhães, Porto Alegre and Torres Homem. It was edited in Paris, France.
Only two issues of the magazine were published before it became defunct.
Donald Eustace Blackwell (27 May 1921 – 3 December 2010) was a British astronomer, who was Savilian Professor of Astronomy at the University of Oxford from 1960 to 1988.
He studied at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, and was later appointed as Assistant Director of the university's Solar Physics Observatory, a position that he held from 1950 to 1960.  During his career, he visited several countries to carry out astronomical investigations, including Fiji, Bolivia (twice) and Canada.  He was President of the Royal Astronomical Society from 1973 to 1975.  He held his Oxford professorship in conjunction with a fellowship of New College, Oxford.
The Kaiji manga series (and its anime and film adaptations) features an extensive cast of characters created by Nobuyuki Fukumoto.
Hrólfs saga Gautrekssonar is a Scandinavian legendary saga which was put to text in Iceland in the 13th century. It has a prequel in Gautreks saga.
Mollywood may refer to:

Malayalam cinema, a sector of the Indian film industry in the state of Kerala
Mollywood (Malegaon), a low budget film industry near Mumbai
Mormon cinema
Mollywood (Galaxy Studios), a film funding company based in Mol, Belgium
The Roman-Gaul Baths of Entrammes (Thermes gallo-romains d'Entrammes in French) is a complex of Gallo-Roman thermal baths (thermae) in Entrammes, Mayenne, France. The baths were partially incorporated into a church with the hypocaust surviving below the new structure.  The remains were discovered in 1987.
Nathuram Premi (26 November 1881 – 30 January 1960) was an Indian writer, publisher, poet, editor, and linguist in the field of Jainism as well as Hindi literature. A budding poet, he wrote under the nom de plume of "Premi". Although belonging to the Digambara sect of Jainism, he adopted a non-sectarian attitude and published and translated many Digambara as well as Śvetāmbara works. Working as a clerk in a firm in Mumbai he rose to establish his own publishing house and bookstore Hindi Granth Ratnākar Kāryālay which published works of many of the biggest names in Indian literature, including Munshi  Premchand, Hajariprasad Dvivedi, Jainendrakumar, Yashpal, Swami Satyabhakta, Sharatchandra Chatterjee and Rabindranath Tagore. The bookshop and publishing house now called Hindi Granth Karyalay is now being managed by his grandson and great-grandson 100 years after its establishment.
Dušek (feminine Dušková) is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Anna Dušková, Czech figure skater
Antonín Dušek, Czech ice hockey player
František Xaver Dušek, Czech composer
Jaroslav Dušek, Czech actor
Libuše Dušková, Czech linguist
Marie Dušková, Czech poet
Robert Dušek, Czech politician
The following is a list of symbols of the Brazilian state of Rondônia.
The 18th National Society of Film Critics Awards, given on 4 January 1984, honored the best filmmaking of 1983.
Bakaly (Russian: Бакалы) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

Bakaly, Bakalinsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan, a selo in Bakalinsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan
Bakaly, Burayevsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan, a village in Burayevsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan
Bakaly, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in Bavlinsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan
Tom Old Boot (a grotesque dwarf) (French: Tom Old Boot (nain grotesque)) was an 1896 French short silent film by Georges Méliès. It was sold by Méliès's Star Film Company and is film #75 in its catalogues.
Though no synopsis survives, the film appears to have captured a performance by Tom Old Boot, a small-sized entertainer, who played at Méliès's stage venue, the Théâtre Robert-Houdin, as an "American dwarf" ("nain americain"). The magazine La Vie Parisienne reported that Tom Old Boot was playing at the Robert-Houdin Theatre in late December 1895, at Thursday and Sunday matinées. The reports claimed that the performances were a great success, getting many laughs, especially from the children in the audiences. The newspaper Le Petit Parisien reported on the March 1896 performances at the Robert-Houdin and called Tom Old Boot a "joyful, eccentric, dwarf comedian" ("joyeux nain comic excentric").
The film Tom Old Boot is presumed lost.
A Neighborhood Electric Vehicle (NEV) is a U.S. category for battery electric vehicles that are usually built to have a top speed of 25 miles per hour (40 km/h), and have a maximum loaded weight of 3,000 lb (1,400 kg). Depending on the particular laws of the state, they are legally limited to roads with posted speed limits of 35 miles per hour (56 km/h) or less (in some states 45 mph or less). NEVs fall under the United States Department of Transportation classification for low-speed vehicles. The non-electric version of the neighborhood electric vehicle is the motorized quadricycle.
An NEV battery pack recharges by plugging into a standard outlet and because it is an all-electric vehicle it does not produce tailpipe emissions. In the state of California NEVs are classified by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) as zero-emissions vehicles (ZEV) and are eligible for a purchase rebate of up to $1,500 if purchased or leased on or after March 15, 2010.
As of June 2014, the GEM neighborhood electric vehicle was the market leader in North America, with global sales of more than 50,000 units since 1998. Another top selling NEV is the Renault Twizy, launched in March 2012, it was the top-selling plug-in electric vehicle in Europe during 2012, and the heavy quadricycle has sold almost 22,000 units through December 2018.
Sales of low-speed small electric cars (LSEVs) experienced considerable growth in China between 2012 and 2015 due to their affordability and flexibility. A total of 200,000 low-speed small electric cars were sold in China in 2013, most of which are powered by lead-acid batteries. In 2015, sales rose to 750,000 units, and to 1.2 million in 2016. As of December 2016, the stock of LSEVs was estimated to be between 3 million and 4 million units. About 1.4 million low-speed electric vehicles were sold in 2018.
Clifford Arthur Martin (11 November 1895 – 11 August 1977) was an Anglican bishop. He was the fourth Bishop of Liverpool, serving from 1944 to 1965.
After service in the army in the First World War, Martin became a priest, serving in parishes in the south of England. He hoped to undertake missionary work, but his health was not good enough. In 1944 he was appointed to the diocese of Liverpool at a time when relations between the cathedral and the community were strained. He rebuilt relations with the parishes of the diocese and oversaw a programme of building to repair churches damaged by wartime bombing and provide new churches for new housing developments.
Staton is a surname, of English origin and may refer to:

People
Aaron Staton, American actor
Adolphus Staton (1879 – 1964), American Sailor, Medal of Honor recipient
Albert Staton (1899 - 1980), American Sportsman
Bill Staton (1929–2006), American pool player and restaurateur
Candi Staton (born 1940), American soul and gospel singer
Cecil Staton (born 1958), American politician from Georgia
Dakota Staton (1930–2007), American jazz vocalist
David Alan Dave Staton (born 1968), American Baseball player
Dolly Staton (born 1932),  American athlete
Ken Staton (born 1972) American golfer
Jim Staton (1927–1993), American football player
Joe Staton (born 1948), American illustrator and comic book writer
John Staton (1902 - 1990), American Football Player and Business Executive
Josephine L. Staton (born 1961), American federal judge
Mick Staton (1940–2014), American politician from West Virginia
Rebekah Staton (born 1981), British actress
Sarah Staton (born 1961), British sculptor
William Staton (1898–1983), British aviator and RAF officer
Others
Staton Correctional Facility a prison in Alabama
Andrew Withers (born 5 February 1957) is an Australian former representative rower. He was a four time national champion, represented at the 1978 and the 1979 World Rowing Championships and competed in the men's eight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Ruslan Khamitovich Makhmutov (Russian: Руслан Хамитович Махмутов; born 27 January 1991) is a Russian professional footballer who plays for Lada-Tolyatti.
The Dassault AVE-D Petit Duc was a sub-scale experimental stealth UAV built in France in 2000 as the first step in the development of a UCAV under Dassault Aviation's LOGIDUC programme. AVE-D stands for Aéoronef de Validation Expérimentale - Discrétion ("Experimental Assessment Aircraft - Stealth"), and petit duc is the French name for the Eurasian scops-owl, but also a wordplay on the LOGIDUC programme name, with petit meaning "small". The early prototypes were manufactured by French subcontractor Aviation Design while the other units were all built by Dassault itself.
The AVE was developed from 1999 to 2000 by a Dassault Aviation-Aviation Design joint team. Manufacturing of the first prototype took eight months and was proceeded in Aviation Design's factory at Milly-la-Forêt, France. Aviation Design is a French design and manufacturing specialist of civil and military devices including high-quality RC jet-powered aircraft, UAVs, evolved aerial targets used by the French Army for training, as well as GPS ground stations for UAVs/aerial targets. The company is led by Rantet & son, father, Jacques, is pilot veteran and son, Éric, is an aeronautics engineer.
In order to reduce the radar and infrared signatures, the vehicle was fully molded in carbon fiber and other undisclosed "special material" reducing the Petit Duc's radar cross section to the signature of a sparrow. The AVE's flight track is followed by the ground station's GPS, as well as parameters such as speed, altitude, turbines or fuel. As an autonomous aircraft, the Petit Duc is fitted with an automatic pilot consisting of a computer system and gyroscope for stabilization and guidance. Its retractable landing gear allows the French UAV to take-off and land -using a backup parachute- from a regular airstrip. On July 18, 2000, the Dassault A.V.E became the first stealth unmanned aircraft to fly in Europe.
Elizabeth Smylie and Janine Tremelling were the defending champions, but none competed this year.
Natalia Medvedeva and Leila Meskhi won the title by defeating Michelle Jaggard and Julie Richardson 6–3, 2–6, 6–4 in the final.
Valenciennea wardii, Ward's sleeper, Ward's sleeper goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean in bays, reefs and lagoons at depths of from 12 to 35 metres (39 to 115 ft).  It can be found on sandy or silty substrates.  This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) SL.  It can also be found in the aquarium trade. The specific name honours the United Kingdom diplomat Swinburne Ward (1830-1897) who was Her Majesty's Civil Commissioner for the Seychelles, although this species was described from specimens collected off Zanzibar.
France sent a delegation to compete at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg, West Germany. They sent sixty two competitors, forty two male and twenty female.
Sergio Villamayor (born 4 December 1989) is an Argentine modern pentathlete. He won the bronze medal in the men's individual event at the 2019 Pan American Games held in Lima, Peru. He also won the bronze medal in the men's relay event, alongside Emmanuel Zapata. He qualified to represent Argentina at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2011, he competed in the men's individual event at the Pan American Games held in Guadalajara, Mexico without winning a medal. Four years later, in 2015, he competed in the men's individual event at the Pan American Games held in Toronto, Canada, also without winning a medal.
Delcia Ivy Kite, née Smith (25 August 1923 – 21 August 2012) was an Australian politician. She was a Labor member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1976 to 1995.
Kite, the daughter of shearer and publican Alexander Henry Smith and Ivy Margaret Clarke, was born in Sydney, and attended Garden's Road Primary School and Sydney Girls High School. She then attended Sydney Technical College, where she focused on engineering and drawing. In 1941 she was employed by the Commonwealth Department of the Interior as a draughtswoman. She married Frederick Thomas Kite on 26 October 1946; their marriage would produce four children. Kite joined the Labor Party in 1948, and held various positions including secretary of the Granville and Rose Bay branches, secretary of the state electorate councils for Granville and Vaucluse, and secretary of the federal electorate councils for Reid and Wentworth.
In 1976, Kite was appointed to the New South Wales Legislative Council. She served on that body until her retirement in 1995.
Gary Owen (born 7 July 1958) is an English retired football midfielder. With 22 caps, he is one of the most capped players for England Under-21s, but never made it into the senior team. He was also capped seven times for England B. With the under-21s he won the 1982 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, in which he scored two goals in the final against West Germany.
Velvet was a Filipino cable television network based in Quezon City. It was owned and operated by Creative Programs, Inc. (now ABS-CBN Cable Channels), a wholly owned subsidiary of the media conglomerate ABS-CBN Corporation. The primary focus of the network was into women-oriented general entertainment programming.
The Millbrook Commonwealth Action Programme on the Harare Declaration, sometimes abbreviated to just Millbrook, is a policy programme of the Commonwealth of Nations, designed to implement and uphold the Harare Declaration, which sets out the basic political membership criteria of the Commonwealth.  The programme was agreed and announced on 12 November 1995 at Millbrook Resort, near Queenstown, New Zealand, at the conclusion of the fourteenth Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.
Millbrook introduces compulsory adherence to the Harare principles, and, in enforcing them, includes aspects of both carrot and stick approaches.  The programme encourages the membership to empower the Commonwealth Secretariat to provide incentives for upholding the core political values of the Harare Declaration: democracy, rule of law, and good governance.  However, the programme also allows the Secretariat to employ bilateral and multilateral punishments against intransigent members.  For serious or persistent offending countries, suspension and expulsion from the Commonwealth altogether are permitted.  The programme cites an unconstitutional coup d'état against a democratically elected government as a particularly serious violation.
To help monitor and enforce adherence to the Harare Declaration, Millbrook established the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG), which has the responsibility to examine cases of potential breaches and to recommend appropriate action to be taken by the Secretariat.  Convened by the Secretary-General and consisting of Foreign Minister (or equivalent) of eight members, the composition, terms of reference, and operative functions of CMAG are reviewed every two years under the programme.
Aleksandar Filipović may refer to:

Aleksandar Filipović (rower) (born 1992), Serbian rower
Aleksandar Filipović (footballer) (born 1994), Serbian professional footballer
Eulima legrandi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae. The species is one of a number within the genus Eulima.
Canzano (Abruzzese: Canzanë) is a town and comune in Teramo province in the Abruzzo region of eastern Italy.
In computing, Intel's Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller (APIC) is a family of programmable interrupt controllers. As its name suggests, the APIC is more advanced than Intel's 8259 Programmable Interrupt Controller (PIC), particularly enabling the construction of multiprocessor systems. It is one of several architectural designs intended to solve interrupt routing efficiency issues in multiprocessor computer systems.
The APIC is a split architecture design, with a local component (LAPIC) usually integrated into the processor itself, and an optional I/O APIC on a system bus. The first APIC was the 82489DX –  it was a discrete chip that functioned both as local and I/O APIC.  The 82489DX enabled construction of symmetric multiprocessor (SMP) systems with the Intel 486 and early Pentium processors; for example, the reference two-way 486 SMP system used three 82489DX chips, two as local APICs and one as I/O APIC. Starting with the P54C processor, the local APIC functionality was integrated into the Intel processors' silicon. The first dedicated I/O APIC was the Intel 82093AA, which was intended for PIIX3-based systems.
Chris Conrad (born March 10, 1953) is an American author, activist, curator, publisher and court-recognized expert in cannabis cultivation and use. He has played a key role in the shaping of the modern industrial and medical cannabis reform movements as the author of such seminal books as Hemp: Lifeline to the Future (1993) and Hemp for Health (1997), as well as through his activist work as the co-founder and first President of the Hemp Industries Association (HIA), founder of the Business Alliance in Commerce and Hemp (BACH), and a signature gathering coordinator for the Proposition 215 volunteer effort which made California the first US state to legalize the medical use of cannabis. The December, 1999 issue of High Times ranked Conrad #10 on its list of top 25 "living legends in the battle for legal cannabis."
Martin Paul Gouterman (December 26, 1931 – February 22, 2020) was an American chemist who was a professor of chemistry at the University of Washington. He is remembered for his seminal work on the optical spectra porphyrins, for which he developed a simple model generally referred to as Gouterman's four-orbital model.
The women's balance beam competition at the 2022 Asian Games took place on 25 and 29 September 2023 at Huanglong Sports Centre Gymnasium.
Ischnothelidaeis a family of mygalomorph spiders. It was first described as a subfamily of the family Dipluridae by F.O. Pickard-Cambridge in 1897 and raised to a family by Opatova et al. in 2020.
Frea bituberculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1964.
Leonard Irving Beerman (April 9, 1921 – December 24, 2014) was an American Reform rabbi. He served for 37 years at Leo Baeck Temple in Los Angeles as founding rabbi. He was known for his liberal political activism, his support of interfaith dialogue, and his advocacy of peace and a two-state solution in the Middle East.
Wyoming Territory's at-large congressional district is an obsolete congressional district that encompassed the area of the Wyoming Territory. After Wyoming's admission to the Union as the 44th state by act of Congress on July 10, 1890, this district was dissolved and replaced by Wyoming's at-large congressional district.
This is a list of members of the 19th Bundestag – the lower house of parliament of the Federal Republic of Germany, whose members were in office from 24 October 2017 until 26 October 2021.
Nathan Royal Scott is a fictional character from the CW television series One Tree Hill created by Mark Schwahn and portrayed by James Lafferty. Following Lucas Scott's departure, Nathan became the main character and central figure of the show. Nathan is Lucas's younger half-brother. He fell in love with Lucas's best friend, Haley James; and they married at the end of the first season. Despite various problems in their relationship, the couple remains together married for most of the show's run, and had a son, Jamie, in season four and a daughter, Lydia, in season eight. Considered to be an anti-hero at the beginning of the first season, Nathan became a much friendlier and more caring person as the series progressed, due to his relationship with Haley and other characters.


The music of Turks and Caicos Islands is best known for its ripsaw music. It is accompanied by an array of instruments, including maracas, triangles, box guitar, conga drums, goat and cowskin drums, accordion, concertina and, most prominently and uniquely, the carpenter saw.
The saw is scraped with a metal object, such as a screwdriver, to produce a unique sound; this is called ripping the saw. The use of the saw (which is the origin of the term ripsaw) is of uncertain origin, but may be in imitation of the Dominican and Haitian guiro or traditional African instruments such as the shekere and djembe.
A closely related style called rake and scrape is known in the Bahamas, closely associated with Cat Island, the home of many Turks and Caicos islanders, who moved there looking for work in the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s. Many Bahamian musicians are from the islands, including The Cooling Waters, Sly Roker, Bradley Dean, Marvin Handfield, Perry Delancy, and Leo Jones. Many of these expatriates have since returned to Turks and Caicos, bringing with them Bahamian junkanoo music.
Modern ripsaw pioneers include Tell and the Rakooneers and Lovey Forbes, who created a new style called combina in the early 1980s, using genres from across the Caribbean and the US as inspiration; these included jazz, calypso, soca and reggae.
Venus and Cupid  is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Lorenzo Lotto in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. It has been dated to several periods, including the late 1530s and the early 1540s, but was probably created in the 1520s.
It is a wedding gift for a couple of Bergamo or Venice. Such paintings were inspired by the classical tradition of wedding poetry.
The Airspeed AS.6 Envoy was a twin-engined light transport aircraft designed and produced by the British aircraft manufacturer Airspeed Ltd.
The Envoy originated as a heavier twin-engine derivative of Airspeed's Courier light transport aircraft. Sharing much of its design with this earlier aircraft, it was relatively easy to develop; confidence in the project was so high that within a week of the prototype's maiden flight, it was performing as a display aircraft to the public. Quantity production of the Envoy had been initiated even before this first flight. Early on, Airspeed worked closely with the British engine manufacturer Wolseley Motors as both a key supplier and early custom of the Envoy; development subsequently branched out to a wide variety of engines and configurations.
The majority of Envoys were produced by Airspeed at their facility at Portsmouth Aerodrome, Hampshire. The type was also produced overseas in Japan by Mitsubishi following the acquisition of a licence at the company's Nagoya factory; it was locally known as the Mitsubishi Hinazuru-type Passenger Transport. While many customers of the Envoy were in the civilian sector, where it was used for a variety of purposes from air racing to operating as an airliner, it also found an audience with military operators. The Convertible Envoy was developed for South Africa, which sought a model that could be rapidly reconfigured between civilian and military duties, being outfitted for use as a light bomber and reconnaissance aircraft for the latter capacity. The Envoy served as the basis for the Airspeed Oxford, a militarised trainer aircraft operated in large numbers by the Allies in and around the Second World War.
Nino Navarra (Alcamo, 1885 – Kars Plateau, 6 June 1917) was an Italian poet, writer and orator.
Orthodox Peronism, Peronist Orthodoxy, National Justicialism, is a faction within Peronism, a political movement in Argentina that adheres to the ideology and legacy of Juan Perón. Orthodox Peronists are staunch supporters of Perón and his original policies, and they reject any association with Marxism or any other left-wing ideologies. Some of them are aligned with far-right elements. Orthodox Peronism also refers to the Peronist trade union faction that split from the “62 organizations" and that opposed the “legalists", who were more moderate and pragmatic. They were also known as “the hardliners", “the 62 standing with Perón" and they maintained an orthodox and verticalist stance, in accordance with the Peronist doctrine. Orthodox Peronism has been in several conflicts with the Tendencia Revolucionaria (opposite current in the Peronist movement), for example during the Ezeiza massacre.


The 1923 Washington University Pikers football team represented Washington University in St. Louis as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1923 college football season. Led by first-year head coach Byron Wimberly, the Pikers compiled an overall record of 3–5 with a mark of 1–4 in conference play, placing last out of nine teams in the MVC. Washington University played home games at Francis Field in St. Louis.
The Doesburgermolen is a post mill in the hamlet of Doesburgerbuurt in the community of Ede, Netherlands
It is considered to be the oldest post mill in the Netherlands; in its present form it was probably built around 1630. It underwent a major restoration around 1970.
The mill is operated by volunteers and is still used for grinding grain.
José Manuel Duarte Pinto Neves (born 5 February 1981, in Lisbon) is a Portuguese rugby union player. He plays as a scrum-half and fullback. He's graduated in medicine.
José Pinto was a leading name for Direito, from 1999/2000 until 2006/2007. After the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals he moved to CRC Madrid Noroeste. He was assigned by the Italian professional team of Benetton Treviso, in November 2007.
He played in all four games at the 2007 Rugby World Cup, and was chosen as Man of the Match in the 31–5 loss to Italy. He was assigned to an Italian team soon after joining Benetton Treviso for the remainder of the 2007/2008 season. He joined Rugby Roma Olimpic in the off-season for the 2008/2009 season.
José Pinto had 57 caps for Portugal, from 2001 to 2012, with 3 tries, 2 conversion and 1 penalty, 20 points in aggregate.
Apno (pronounced [ˈaːpnɔ]; in older sources also Apne) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Los Guerreros Tuareg (Spanish for "The Tuareg Warriors") was a Mexican professional wrestling group, called a stable that worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) as a rudo (term used for wrestlers who portray the "Bad guys") faction. The group was the successor to Pandilla Guerrera ("Gang of Warriors") and was sometimes also referred to as Los Rebeldes del Desierto ("The Rebels of the desert") or even Los Rebeldes Tuareg ("The Tuareg Rebels"). The group was quietly disbanded in 2014 as only three members remained with CMLL and stopped teaming up on a regular basis.
Jamie Daniel Burns (born 6 March 1984 in Blackpool, Lancashire) is an English professional footballer who played in midfield for Morecambe, whom he joined from Blackpool on 1 July 2007. He had been on loan from his hometown club since November 2006. At Blackpool, Burns scored four goals with strikes against Boreham Wood in the FA Cup, MK Dons in the league and a brace against Huddersfield Town in the Football League Trophy. After making his move to Morecambe permanent he scored once for the club in a 1–0 win over Tranmere Rovers in the Football League Trophy.
Liebing (Hungarian Rendek) is a village in the district of Oberpullendorf in Burgenland in Austria. It is part of the municipality of Mannersdorf an der Rabnitz.
Anna Audrey Emery (January 4, 1904 – November 25, 1971) was an American heiress and socialite who was the wife of one of the last Russian grand dukes.
Fort Prinzenstein (Danish: Fort Prinsensten) is a fort located at Keta, Ghana, which was used in the slave trade. Many such forts were built in Africa, but Prinzenstein is one of the few that lie east of the Volta River. Keta served as an open port until the Tema Harbour commenced its operation to the west in 1962. The fort has been designated a World Heritage Site (along with several other castles and forts in Ghana) because of its historical importance and testimony to the Atlantic slave trade.
It was built by Danish traders in 1784 for defensive purposes after the Sagbadre War against the Anlo Ewe and to keep the area safe from other colonial powers. The majority of the materials, especially the stone used for the building of the fort, came from Accra. The fort is among the four major structures that were built by the Danish. The fort significantly played an important part in the slave trade, which involved Europeans in West Africa. Aside from the slave trade, the fort served an active purpose in the trade of imported and exported goods such as gold and ivory in a give-and-take for muskets, brandy, iron rods, textiles, cowries shells etc.


Georgi Tomov Valchev (Bulgarian: Георги Томов Вълчев; born 7 March 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hebar Pazardzhik.
Edwin Roberts Russell (1913 – 1996) was an American chemist. He was one of the few African American to work on the Manhattan Project, researching the isolation and extraction of plutonium-239 from uranium at Chicago's Met Lab.
Todd Diacon is an American college administrator and educator serving as the 13th President of Kent State University in Kent, Ohio (U.S.). He previously served as the provost and senior vice president of Kent State.
The second cabinet of Constantin Dăscălescu was the government of Romania from March 29, 1985, to December 22, 1989. It resigned in the aftermath of the Romanian Revolution. Four days later, it was succeeded by the First Roman cabinet.
The George Jessel Show is a 30-minute television variety program that was broadcast live from New York. It aired on ABC from September 13, 1953 to April 11, 1954.
Třebušín is a municipality and village in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 600 inhabitants.
Třebušín lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Litoměřice, 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Ústí nad Labem, and 59 km (37 mi) north of Prague.
The Ducal Palace or Palazzo Ducale of Atina is a 14th-century gothic-style, government palace in Piazza Saturno, in the center of the town of Atina, province of Rieti, region of Lazio, Italy.
D. Smith (born July 20, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter, reality television personality, and documentary filmmaker. She worked on Lil Wayne’s Tha Carter III, which was nominated for Album of the Year at the 2009 Grammy Awards and won Best Rap Album. In 2016, she made her reality-tv debut on season five of Love & Hip Hop Atlanta.
Her debut documentary Kokomo City (2023) follows four Black transgender sex workers and premiered at the 2023 Sundance Film Festival.
In mathematics, the hyperoperation sequence is an infinite sequence of arithmetic operations (called hyperoperations in this context) that starts with a unary operation (the successor function with n = 0). The sequence continues with the binary operations of addition (n = 1), multiplication (n = 2), and exponentiation (n = 3).
After that, the sequence proceeds with further binary operations extending beyond exponentiation, using right-associativity.  For the operations beyond exponentiation, the nth member of this sequence is named by Reuben Goodstein after the Greek prefix of n suffixed with -ation (such as tetration (n = 4), pentation (n = 5), hexation (n = 6), etc.)  and can be written as using n − 2 arrows in Knuth's up-arrow notation.
Each hyperoperation may be understood recursively in terms of the previous one by:

  
    
      
        a
        [
        n
        ]
        b
        =
        
          
            
              
                a
                [
                n
                −
                1
                ]
                (
                a
                [
                n
                −
                1
                ]
                (
                a
                [
                n
                −
                1
                ]
                (
                ⋯
                [
                n
                −
                1
                ]
                (
                a
                [
                n
                −
                1
                ]
                (
                a
                [
                n
                −
                1
                ]
                a
                )
                )
                ⋯
                )
                )
                )
              
              ⏟
            
          
          
            
              b
              
                
                   copies of 
                
              
              a
            
          
        
        ,
        
        n
        ≥
        2
      
    
    {\displaystyle a[n]b=\underbrace {a[n-1](a[n-1](a[n-1](\cdots [n-1](a[n-1](a[n-1]a))\cdots )))} _{\displaystyle b{\mbox{ copies of }}a},\quad n\geq 2}
  

It may also be defined according to the recursion rule part of the definition, as in Knuth's up-arrow version of the Ackermann function:

  
    
      
        a
        [
        n
        ]
        b
        =
        a
        [
        n
        −
        1
        ]
        
          (
          
            a
            [
            n
            ]
            
              (
              
                b
                −
                1
              
              )
            
          
          )
        
        ,
        
        n
        ≥
        1
      
    
    {\displaystyle a[n]b=a[n-1]\left(a[n]\left(b-1\right)\right),\quad n\geq 1}
  

This can be used to easily show numbers much larger than those which scientific notation can, such as Skewes's number and googolplexplex (e.g. 
  
    
      
        50
        [
        50
        ]
        50
      
    
    {\displaystyle 50[50]50}
  
 is much larger than Skewes's number and googolplexplex), but there are some numbers which even they cannot easily show, such as Graham's number and TREE(3).
This recursion rule is common to many variants of hyperoperations.
Defending champion Serena Williams defeated her sister Venus Williams in a rematch of the previous year's final, 4–6, 6–4, 6–2 to win the ladies' singles tennis title at the 2003 Wimbledon Championships. It was her second Wimbledon singles title and her sixth major singles title overall.
This was the first Wimbledon appearance of future world No. 1 and five-time major champion Maria Sharapova, who lost to Svetlana Kuznetsova in the fourth round. Sharapova would win the title the following year. It was also the first Wimbledon appearance of future champion Marion Bartoli, who lost to Daniela Hantuchová in the first round. The semifinals featured the top four seeds, which last occurred in 1995.
This was the first major since the 1987 Australian Open to not feature either Monica Seles, Steffi Graf, or Arantxa Sánchez Vicario.
Governor Bond State Memorial is a granite monument that marks the grave of Shadrach Bond, the first governor of Illinois after it became a state in 1818.  Born in Maryland, Bond settled in Monroe County, Illinois in 1794, and served as an Illinois Territory delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives from 1812 to 1814.  Erected in 1883, the monument is styled as an obelisk and is maintained by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency as a state historic site.  The monument is located in Evergreen Cemetery, Illinois Route 3 North, in Chester, Illinois, Randolph County, US.
In September 2008, Governor Bond's obelisk – the tallest and most prominent monument in the cemetery – was toppled by Hurricane Ike.
The women's 500 metres at the 2007 Asian Winter Games was held on January 30, 2007, at Wuhuan Gymnasium, China.
Events during the year 1997 in Poland.
Saint-Jean-Saint-Maurice-sur-Loire is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Lubieszewo may refer to the following places:

Lubieszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland)
Lubieszewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Lubieszewo, Drawsko County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Lubieszewo, Gryfice County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Worldwide there has been a large shift towards less physically demanding work and a more sedentary lifestyle. This has been accompanied by increasing use of mechanized transportation, automobile dependency, a greater prevalence of labor saving technology in the home, and less active recreational pursuits. At least 31% of the world's population does not get sufficient physical exercise. This is true in almost all developed and developing countries, and among children. Some experts refer to sitting as "the new smoking" because of its negative effects on overall health.
These exercise trends are contributing to the rising rates of chronic long-lasting diseases such as: obesity, heart disease, stroke, preventable causes of death, cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure and high cholesterol. Active transport (walking, bicycling, etc.) has been found to be inversely related to obesity in Europe, North America, and Australia. Thus exercise has been associated with a decrease in mortality.


The Protein Information Resource (PIR), located at Georgetown University Medical Center, is an integrated public bioinformatics resource to support genomic and proteomic research, and scientific studies. It contains protein sequences databases
The aardvark is an African mammal, Orycteropus afer.
Aardvark may also refer to:
Ludwig Adolf Wilhelm Freiherr von Lützow (18 May 1782 – 6 December 1834) was a Prussian general notable for his organization and command of the Lützow Freikorps of volunteers during the Napoleonic Wars.
War crimes during the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War are war crimes and crimes against humanity which the Sri Lanka Armed Forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (Tamil Tigers) have been accused of committing during the final months of the Sri Lankan Civil War in 2009. The war crimes include attacks on civilians and civilian buildings by both sides; executions of combatants and prisoners by both sides; enforced disappearances by the Sri Lankan military and paramilitary groups backed by them; sexual violence by the Sri Lankan military; the systematic denial of food, medicine, and clean water by the government to civilians trapped in the war zone; child recruitment, hostage taking, use of military equipment in the proximity of civilians and use of forced labor by the Tamil Tigers.
A panel of experts appointed by United Nations Secretary-General (UNSG) Ban Ki-moon to advise him on the issue of accountability with regard to any alleged violations of international human rights and humanitarian law during the final stages of the civil war found "credible allegations" which, if proven, indicated that war crimes and crimes against humanity were committed by the Sri Lankan military and the Tamil Tigers. It also found that as many as 40,000 Tamil civilians may have been killed in the final months of the civil war, a large majority as a result of indiscriminate shelling by the Sri Lankan Army. The panel has called on the UNSG to conduct an independent international inquiry into the alleged violations of international law and suspects prosecuted. 
War crimes are prohibited by the Geneva Conventions, of which Sri Lanka is a signatory. In 2002 the International Criminal Court (ICC) was created by the Rome Statute to prosecute individuals for serious crimes, such as war crimes. Sri Lanka is not a signatory of the Rome Statute, so it is only possible for the ICC to investigate and prosecute war crimes in Sri Lanka if the UN Security Council were to refer Sri Lanka to the ICC. Formal Security Council involvement in the case of Sri Lanka, was opposed by the veto members Russia and China, as well as India among other council members. The UN Secretary-General called the Government of Sri Lanka to "respond constructively to the report" and stated that it is important that Sri Lanka set up its own probe for "genuine investigations" into the civil war actions.   
The Sri Lankan government has denied that its forces committed any war crimes and has strongly opposed any international investigation. In March 2014 the United Nations Human Rights Council authorised an international investigation into the alleged war crimes.
On 21 March 2019 Sri Lanka co-sponsored a resolution made by the UN giving the country a 2-year deadline to establish a judicial mechanism to assess violation of humanitarian international law committed during the civil war.
All the Days Before Tomorrow is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by François Dompierre and starring Alexandra Holden and Joey Kern.
Zhu Yingwen (simplified Chinese: 朱颖文; traditional Chinese: 朱穎文; pinyin: Zhū Yǐngwén; born September 9, 1981, in Shanghai) is a female Olympic medal-winning swimmer from the People's Republic of China, who competed at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens.
Along with Xu Yanwei, Yang Yu, and Pang Jiaying, she was part of China's 4 × 200 m freestyle relay team, which won the silver medal, beaten by the US relay team.
She was also part of China's 4 × 100 m women's freestyle relay team and 4 × 100 m women's medley relay team. China reached the final in both of these events but did not win a medal.
Zhu competed as an individual in the 50m freestyle event, but did not progress beyond the heat stage.
Alexis Castillo Manyoma (born 30 January 2003) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Estudiantes de La Plata.
Raymund Ng Teck Heng  (Chinese: 黄德兴; pinyin: Huáng Déxīng) is a Singaporean former major-general who served as Chief of Air Force from 1998 to 2001.
Tracy Stevens may refer to:

Tracy Stevens, a labor and employment lawyer, married to Brad Stevens
Tracy Stevens (character), a character from the American science fiction web television series For All Mankind
Saha is a town and tehsil in Ambala district of Haryana state of India. The area is situated about 15.14 km from Ambala cantt and 23 km towards East from district headquarters in Ambala city on Ambala-Jagadhri highway. Saha is the major road junction in Ambala district as it provides road links to Jagadhri, Ambala Cantt, Panckula and Delhi towards its east, west, north, and south respectively. The area is considered as the biggest industrial area in Ambala district. Industries like Micron instrument industries, Indiamart, Coca-Cola are based here. Micron instrument industries are known for making scientific instruments like microscopes and other technical equipments. Industries in the area are situated on Saha-Panchkula Highway (NH73) and Saha-Sahabad Highway.
Hainan Li-Miao Autonomous Prefecture (Chinese: 海南黎族苗族自治州; pinyin: Hǎinán Lízú Miáozú Zìzhìzhōu) (1952–1988) was an autonomous prefecture in Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China. It was located on Hainan Island and was the home of the majority of the Hlai people, a recognized ethnic minority. The area now belongs to Hainan Province which was created in 1988.
Macon High School may refer to:

Macon High School (Illinois), Macon, Illinois
Macon High School (Mississippi), Macon, Mississippi
Macon High School (Missouri), Macon, Missouri
Paraphyllina is a genus of crown jellyfish. It is the only genus in the monotypic family Paraphyllinidae, and includes three species.
The Powrachute Syk Rascal is an American powered parachute, designed and produced by Powrachute.
George William Blunt (11 Mar 1802 – 19 Apr 1878) was a pioneer publisher of nautical charts and books for the company E & G. W. Blunt. He was Secretary of the Board of Pilot Commissioners for New York Harbor from 1845 to 1877. For over 40 years he served as first assistant in the United States Coast Survey and made surveys of New York Harbor and the Bahama banks. He was instrumental in gaining reforms in the United States Lighthouse Service. His firm published many editions of Bowditch's Navigator and Blunt's American Coast Pilot.
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (German: Peter Voss, der Millionendieb) may refer to:

Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (novel), a comedy crime novel by Ewald Gerhard Seeliger
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (1921 film), a silent film directed by Georg Jacoby
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (1932 film), a film directed by E.A. Dupont
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (1946 film), a film directed by Karl Anton
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (1958 film), a film directed by Wolfgang Becker
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (TV series), a 1977 television series
João Tordo (born 1975, Lisboa) is a Portuguese writer and a son of Fernando Tordo.
The 1960 United States presidential election in Montana took place on November 8, 1960, as part of the 1960 United States presidential election. Voters chose four representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Montana narrowly voted for the Republican nominee, Vice President Richard Nixon, over the Democratic nominee, Massachusetts Senator John F. Kennedy. Nixon won Montana by a slim margin of 2.50%. Kennedy thus became the first Democrat to win the White House without carrying Montana since Grover Cleveland in 1892, as well as the first ever Democrat to do so without carrying Carter, Liberty, Phillips, Richland, or Sanders Counties, the first to do so without carrying Fergus or Jefferson Counties since Cleveland in 1892, and the first to do so without carrying Custer, Missoula or Musselshell Counties since Woodrow Wilson in 1912. This is the first time since 1900 in which Montana would vote for the losing candidate in a presidential election.
Princess Haya bint Al Hussein (Arabic: الأميرة هيا بنت الحسين; born 3 May 1974) is the daughter of King Hussein of Jordan and his third wife, the Palestinian Queen Alia. She is the half-sister of King Abdullah II.
Haya is a graduate of the University of Oxford in England and an accomplished equestrian. She represented Jordan at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and is the two-term President of the International Federation for Equestrian Sports (FEI).
In 2004, Haya became the second official wife of the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. They had two children, Sheikha Jalila and Sheikh Zayed. In 2019, Haya and Mohammed divorced, and she left Dubai with her children to reside in the United Kingdom. Legal proceedings between Haya and Mohammed before the High Court in London over custody of their children attracted considerable media attention. On 5 March 2020, a British court ruled that on the balance of probabilities, Sheikh Mohammed, the absolute ruler of Dubai and the prime minister of the UAE, had abducted two of his daughters, Shamsa and Latifa, and had threatened Haya.
In March 2022, the court awarded sole custody of the couple's two children to Haya.


"In the Street" is a song by the American rock band Big Star. It was written by Chris Bell and Alex Chilton. The song was featured on the 1972 album #1 Record. The song was the B-side of their first single, "When My Baby's Beside Me." Lead vocals on "In the Street" were handled by Chris Bell. An altered cover version became the theme song of That 70s Show.
SingersRoom critic Simon Robinson rated it Big Star's 8th best song, praising the "catchy, upbeat melody that perfectly captures the sense of freedom and excitement that comes with youth and rebellion" and the "poetic and evocative" lyrics.
Formello is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital. It is located southwest of the Monti Sabatini, within the Regional Park of Veii. The communal territory sits on large deposits of tuff, which is intensively mined in the area.
Assemini (Italian: [asˈsɛːmini]; Sardinian: Assèmini [aˈsemini]) is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northwest of Cagliari in the plain of the Cixerri, Flumini Mannu and Sa Nuxedda rivers. It includes notable forest area which are part of the Sulcis Regional Park. It has also a long tradition in the production of ceramics, lasting from the Carthaginian domination.
Assemini is part of the Cagliari metropolitan area and borders the following municipalities: Cagliari, Capoterra, Decimomannu, Elmas, Nuxis, San Sperate, Santadi, Sarroch, Sestu, Siliqua, Uta, Villa San Pietro.
Élencourt (French pronunciation: [elɑ̃kuʁ]) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
St Patrick's Church, Nuthall is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Nuthall.


Rosaline () is a fictional character mentioned in William Shakespeare's tragedy Romeo and Juliet. She is the niece of Lord Capulet. Although an unseen character, her role is important: Romeo's unrequited love for Rosaline leads him to try to catch a glimpse of her at a gathering hosted by the Capulet family, during which he first spots her cousin, Juliet.
Scholars generally compare Romeo's short-lived love of Rosaline with his later love of Juliet. The poetry Shakespeare writes for Rosaline is much weaker than that for Juliet. Scholars believe Romeo's early experience with Rosaline prepares him for his relationship with Juliet. Later performances of Romeo and Juliet have painted different pictures of Romeo and Rosaline's relationship, as filmmakers have experimented with making Rosaline a more visible character.
Sayles Memorial Hall is a Richardsonian Romanesque hall on the central campus of Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. The granite structure was designed by Alpheus C. Morse and constructed from 1879 to 1881.
The Father Millet Cross is a memorial on the grounds of Fort Niagara in Youngstown, New York.  The 18-foot (5.5 m) bronze cross is a replacement for the wooden cross erected by Pierre Millet at the New French Fort Denonville in 1688.  During the preceding winter, disease and starvation overwhelmed the fort's garrison of a hundred men and only twelve of them were saved by a rescue party.  Father Millet, a Jesuit missionary, was with this rescue party.  On Good Friday (April 16) he celebrated Mass and erected and dedicated a cross invoking God's mercy for the plague-stricken men.  On the beam of the cross is inscribed: "REGN. VINC. IMP. CHRS." an abbreviation for Regnat, Vincit, Imperat, Christus which is Latin for Christ reigns, conquers, and commands.
On September 5, 1925, Calvin Coolidge set aside an 18-foot square section (324 ft², 30.1 m², or 0.0074 acres) of Fort Niagara Military Reservation "for the erection of another cross commemorative of the cross erected and blessed by Father Millett [sic]." It was the smallest-ever national monument in the United States. In 1926 the New York State Knights of Columbus dedicated the memorial cross "not only to Father Millet but to those other priests whose heroism took Christianity into the wilderness and whose devotion sought to create in this new world a new France."  It stands on the shore of Lake Ontario just west of the fort's north redoubt.
Father Millet Cross National Monument was originally administered by the War Department but was transferred to the National Park Service in 1933 by executive order. In 1945, Fort Niagara was declared surplus by the U.S. Army and plans were laid to convert the site to a state park.  On September 7, 1949, Congress abolished the national monument and transferred the memorial to the state of New York for public use as part of Fort Niagara State Park.
Ningxiu Township (Mandarin: 宁秀乡) is a township under the jurisdiction of Zêkog County, Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai, China. In 2010, Ningxiu Township had a total population of 14,620: 7,246 males and 7,374 females: 5,079 aged under 14, 8,869 aged between 15 and 65 and 672 aged over 65.
William Arnold Egger (24 February 1900 – 2 March 1989) was a Surinamese resistance fighter in the Netherlands during the Second World War.
Born in Paramaribo, Egger was the grandson of a slave. He moved to the Netherlands to pursue his education, where he married Engelina Jas, a Dutch Jewish woman from Amsterdam. After graduating, they returned to Suriname, however the economy was depressed, and in 1935 the couple decided to go to the Netherlands, and settled in The Hague.
During the Second World War, Engelina's father was arrested. The Eggers hid 12 Jewish people in the cellar of the home, but the couple was betrayed to the Nazis. Egger and his wife were first sent to the prison in Scheveningen, and on to the concentration camps of Amersfoort, and Vught. The couple survived their incarceration, but the Jews they sheltered did not. In 2014, Egger was posthumously by Israel's Yad Vashem awarded with the honor of Righteous among the Nations.
Simpson Bay Lagoon (also spelt Simson Bay Lagoon, or referred to simply as The Great Pond) is one of the largest inland lagoons in the West Indies of the Caribbean. It is located on the island of Saint Martin. The border between the French and Dutch halves of the island runs across the centre of the lagoon. There are two small islands that lie in the lagoon: the larger, Grand Ilet (also known as Explorer's Island) to the north, is within the French region of Saint-Martin; the smaller, Little Key, to the south, is on the Dutch Sint Maarten side.
The lagoon is connected to the Caribbean Sea via a small channel in the north-west which flows into Baie Nettlé in Saint-Martin and another small channel in the south-east which flows into Simson Bay in Sint Maarten. Sint Maarten's airport, Princess Juliana International Airport lies close to the lagoon's southern shore.


Shivers II: Harvest of Souls (known as Harvest of Souls in Europe) is a horror-themed point-and-click PC adventure game, released in 1997 by Sierra On-Line. It is the sequel to Shivers.
Uokha lies on the latitude 7 07’N and longitude 6 04’E in a deciduous derived rainforest zone of Edo State. The climate is sub humid tropical with an average annual rainfall of about 1967mm. Uokha is a town in Owan East, a local government area of Edo state, Nigeria. It is located about 123 km northwest of Benin city the capital city. It has a population of approximately 10,000 inhabitants.
HISTORY
Uokha is believed to have been founded by Prince Odion the first son of  Oba Eweka 1 of  Benin Kingdom. According to oral traditions Prince Odion went on a hunting expeditions northward towards the Kukuruku hills in present day Edo North senatorial district, and it was during this time that the throne became vacant. After days of waiting the palace‘s chiefs had no choice than to crown his younger brother Prince Omo  as the next Oba of Benin.
Unfortunate Prince Odion came back to the palace and met his younger brother crowned as the new Oba and out of annoyance he went back into the forest migrated northward towards the Kukuruku hills and settled in the present day location of Uokha. The present day people are predominantly farmers, and are known to grow food crops such as yams, cassava, and cash crops like cocoa, bananas, plantain, cashews etc.
INSTITUTIONS AND INFRASTRUCTURES
Uokha is home to:
Odion Primary School
Eweka Primary School
Uokha Grammar  School
The Kazakh famine of 1919–1922, also referred to as the Turkestan famine of 1919–1922, was a period of mass starvation and drought that took place in the Kirghiz ASSR (present-day Kazakhstan) and Turkestan ASSR as a result of the Russian Civil War, in which 400,000 to 750,000 peasants died. The event was part of the greater Russian famine of 1921–22 that affected other parts of what became the Soviet Union, in which up to 10,000,000 people died in total.
Carver was an unincorporated community in Fayette County, West Virginia.
The Oxford English Corpus (OEC) is a text corpus of 21st-century English, used by the makers of the Oxford English Dictionary and by Oxford University Press' language research programme. It is the largest corpus of its kind, containing nearly 2.1 billion words.
It includes language from the UK, the United States, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, the Caribbean, Canada, India, Singapore, and South Africa. The text is mainly collected from web pages; some printed texts, such as academic journals, have been collected to supplement particular subject areas. The sources are writings of all sorts, from "literary novels and specialist journals to everyday newspapers and magazines and from Hansard to the language of blogs, emails, and social media". This may be contrasted with similar databases that sample only a specific kind of writing. The corpus is generally available only to researchers at Oxford University Press, but other researchers who can demonstrate a strong need may apply for access.
The digital version of the Oxford English Corpus is formatted in XML and usually analysed with Sketch Engine software. By April 27, 2006, the dictionary database had 1 billion words.

Each document in the OE Corpus is accompanied by metadata including:

title
author (if known; many websites make this difficult to determine reliably)
author gender (if known)
language type (e.g. British English, American English)
source website
year (+ date, if known)
date of collection
domain + subdomain
document statistics (number of tokens, sentences, etc.)
Sarah Parish (born 7 June 1968) is an English actress. She is known for her work on television series including The Pillars of the Earth, Peak Practice, Hearts and Bones, Cutting It, Doctor Who, Mistresses, Merlin, Atlantis, Monroe, HBO's Industry, Stay Close, Trollied, W1A and, as the titular character, Bancroft.
A Shape of Light (short for A Silent Voice Original Soundtrack: A Shape of Light; stylised in all lowercase) is a soundtrack album by Japanese EBM musician and composer Kensuke Ushio, which serves as the official film soundtrack for Japanese animated film A Silent Voice.
The soundtrack contains 61 tracks on two CDs and has a running-time of about two hours. It was released on September 14, 2016, by Pony Canyon. A western release was done in 2017 by Anime Limited in English-speaking countries and Europe. The vinyl version is known as Shape B and has the same track listing but with a different cover.
A Shape of Light peaked at no. 74 on the Japanese Albums Chart where it lasted for about five weeks in the rankings.
Ardèche (French pronunciation: [aʁdɛʃ] ; Occitan: Ardecha, pronounced [aɾˈdet͡ʃɔ]; Arpitan: Ardecha) is a department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, Southeastern France. It is named after the river Ardèche and had a population of 328,278 as of 2019. Its prefecture is in Privas, but its largest city is Annonay.
In fluid dynamics, momentum theory or disk actuator theory is a theory describing a mathematical model of an ideal actuator disk, such as a propeller or helicopter rotor, by W.J.M. Rankine (1865), Alfred George Greenhill (1888) and Robert Edmund Froude (1889).
The rotor is modeled as an infinitely thin disc, inducing a constant velocity along the axis of rotation. The basic state of a helicopter is hovering. This disc creates a flow around the rotor. Under certain mathematical premises of the fluid, there can be extracted a mathematical connection between power, radius of the rotor, torque and induced velocity. Friction is not included.
For a stationary open rotor with no outer duct, such as a helicopter in hover, the power required to produce a given thrust is:

  
    
      
        P
        =
        
          
            
              
                T
                
                  3
                
              
              
                2
                ρ
                A
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P={\sqrt {\frac {T^{3}}{2\rho A}}}}
  

where:

T is the thrust

  
    
      
        ρ
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rho }
  
 is the density of air (or other medium)
A is the area of the rotor disc
P is power
A device which converts the translational energy of the fluid into rotational energy of the axis or vice versa is called a Rankine disk actuator. The real life implementations of such devices include marine and aviation propellers, windmills, helicopter rotors, centrifugal pumps, wind turbines, turbochargers and chemical agitators.
Defeat American Aggression Badge is a military badge given during the Vietnam War by North Vietnam. established in 1965 and given during the Vietnam War by North Vietnam. The badge was awarded to units and individuals who performed outstanding services against American forces. This included any individual, who took part in combat after August 2, 1964 


Gary K. Adams is  the former president and CEO of Chemical Market Associates Inc. (CMAI, 1997–2011) and chief chemical advisor for its successor IHS Markit (2011–2017). He serves on the board of directors of Phillips 66, and Trecora Resources. He has been a board member of Westlake Chemical Partners (2014–2016) and Phillips 66 Partners LP (2013–2016)
LeRoy Reuben Hafen (December 8, 1893 – March 8, 1985) was a historian of the American West and a Latter-day Saint.  For many years he was a professor of history at Brigham Young University (BYU).
Lalande (French pronunciation: [lalɑ̃d]) is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
The men's 5000 metres at the 2007 Asian Winter Games was held on 29 January 2007 in Changchun, China.
Events from the year 2008 in Afghanistan.


Pehr Kalm (6 March 1716 – 16 November 1779), also known as Peter Kalm, was a Swedish explorer, botanist, naturalist, and agricultural economist. He was one of the most important apostles of Carl Linnaeus.
In 1747, he was commissioned by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to travel to the North American colonies in order to bring back seeds and plants that might be useful to agriculture. Among his many scientific accomplishments, Kalm can be credited with the first description of Niagara Falls written by a trained scientist. In addition, he published the first scientific paper on the North American 17-year periodical cicada, Magicicada septendecim.
Kalm wrote an account of his travels that was translated into numerous European languages; a 20th-century translation remains in print in English as Peter Kalm's Travels in North America: The English Version of 1770, translated by Swedish-American scholar Adolph B. Benson.
"Right on Track" is a 1987 hit single by the American band Breakfast Club. Written by the band's lead singer and drummer, Dan Gilroy and Stephen Bray respectively, the single climbed to number 7 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart on May 30, 1987. The single also peaked at number 54 on the UK Singles Chart and number 7 on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart that same year.
As the Spanish Civil War proceeded on the Northern front (from 1937 onwards), the Spanish Republican authorities arranged the evacuation of children, some of whom had insufficient documentation to enable their repatriation.
Anthrenus (Anthrenus) botswaniensis is a species of carpet beetle found in Botswana.
Old Brookville is a village located within the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, on the North Shore of Long Island, in New York, United States. The village population was 2,020 at the time of the 2020 census.


Amitabha Ghosh may refer to:

Amitabha Ghosh (planetary geologist), Indian planetary geologist
Amitabha Ghosh (academic, born 1941), Indian researcher, administrator and educator
Amitav Ghosh (born 1956), Indian writer
Amitav Ghosh (banker) (1930–2020), Indian banker
"Escape!" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov.  It was first published as "Paradoxical Escape" (a publisher's change in the title) in the August 1945 issue of Astounding Science Fiction and reprinted as "Escape!" (Asimov's choice of title) in the collections I, Robot (1950) and The Complete Robot (1982).
The 1969 Tasmanian state election was held on 10 May 1969  in the Australian state of Tasmania to elect 35 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. The election used the Hare-Clark proportional representation system — seven members were elected from each of five electorates.
The incumbent Labor Party, which had been in power continuously since 1934, was led by Eric Reece, who had been premier of Tasmania since 1958. The opposition Liberal Party was led by Angus Bethune.
The election resulted in a hung parliament, with the Labor and Liberal parties on 17 seats each (out of 35). The balance of power was held by Kevin Lyons, a former Liberal who had quit the party in 1966 after a dispute over preselection and formed the Centre Party. Lyons approached Bethune with an offer for a coalition government with himself as Deputy Premier.  Bethune agreed, allowing him to form government by one seat—thus consigning Labor to opposition for the first time in 35 years.
The Best of Mark Schultz is a compilation album featuring Mark Schultz's greatest hits.
Thatsadaphone Nosing is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Bokeo Province (Constituency 5).
El Continental is a Spanish drama television series about organised crime set in 1920s Spain. Created, written and directed by Frank Ariza, it aired from September to November 2018 on La 1. Harshly criticised during its pre-screening at the FesTVal and with dismal ratings during its free-to-air broadcasting run, the series was described as "the biggest fiasco of national (Spanish) fiction in recent times".
Sierra Village is a census-designated place (CDP) in Tuolumne County, California. It is located roughly 1½ miles northeast of Mi-Wuk Village on State Route 108.  Sierra Village sits at an elevation of 4,787 feet (1,459 m). The 2010 United States census reported Sierra Village's population was 456.
Studencheskaya may refer to:

Studencheskaya (Moscow Metro)
Studencheskaya (Kharkiv Metro)
Studencheskaya (Novosibirsk Metro)
Mount Studencheskaya, Bureya Range, Jewish Autonomous Oblast
Señorita Colombia 2019 was the 67th edition of the Miss Colombia pageant. It was held at the Cartagena de Indias Convention Center in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia on November 11, 2019.
At the end of the event, Gabriela Tafur of Valle del Cauca crowned María Fernanda Aristizábal of Quindío as Señorita Colombia 2019-2020. Aristizábal was set to compete at Miss Universe 2020, but since June 2020, Natalie Ackermann gained ownership of the Miss Universe franchise of Colombia, where a new pageant would select the representative of Colombia to the Miss Universe pageant. The new organization did not allow Aristizábal to compete in Miss Universe 2020, thus barring Aristizábal to compete in the said pageant. On April 6, 2022, Aristizábal was appointed as Miss Universe Colombia 2022 by the Miss Universe Colombia Organization and represented Colombia at Miss Universe 2022, and concluded as one of the sixteen semi-finalists.
Contestants from twenty-two departments and cities competed in this year's pageant. The competition was hosted by Señorita Colombia 2010 Catalina Robayo and Diana Mina.
A200 is a motorway in the Netherlands.
Peter Ash (born 1961, in DeWitt, Iowa ) is a composer and conductor, best known for his opera The Golden Ticket (based on the Roald Dahl book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory ) and for his work with the London Schools Symphony Orchestra, of which he has been artistic director since 2001.
A graduate of Guildhall School of Music, Ash has conducted the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, London Sinfonietta, Scottish Chamber Orchestra, Los Angeles Opera (where he conducted the world premiere of  Tobias Picker's opera Fantastic Mr. Fox), Lisbon Opera, English Bach Festival and many other ensembles, including the Scharoun Ensemble (composed of members of the Berlin Philharmonic ) at the Salzburg Festival; in 2006, the Hungarian Cultural Centre awarded him its Bartók Prize for his performances of the composer’s music and in particular for a performance of Bluebeard’s Castle.
His first opera, Keepers of the Night, was premiered by the Los Angeles Children’s Chorus in 2007 to critical acclaim. His most recent opera, The Golden Ticket, was premiered by Opera Theatre St Louis in June 2010, repeated at the Wexford Festival Opera in Ireland in October, 2010, then recorded in Atlanta, Georgia in November, 2012, with the composer conducting. Gramophone Magazine praised the release (on the Albany label), saying "Ash's score brims with tuneful and contemporary ingredients, as well as nods to Wagner, Britten, Bernstein and others" and calling it "an uproarious and endearing operatic adventure" He has also published incidental music for Cloud 9 (play) by Caryl Churchill and music for television.
His 2009 song cycle Paradox, based on texts by Willa Cather and William Shakespeare, was commissioned by mezzo-soprano Katharine Goeldner, flautist Amy Morris and pianist Michael Heaston for "The Prairie Song Project," and released on CD in 2016. Future projects include a choral work based on Roald Dahl and a third opera.
Marie Heiberg Simonsen (born 1 June 1962) is a Norwegian journalist who since 2003 has been political editor in Dagbladet. She has previously worked for Dagens Næringsliv and VG.
Ophir is an unincorporated community in the north-central part of Montgomery County, North Carolina, United States.
Roy William McKasson (August 23, 1939 – January 23, 1998) was an American football player.
McKasson played for the Washington Huskies football team from 1959 to 1961.  He also played one year of professional football for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was selected by the Associated Press (AP) as the second-team center on the 1959 All-Pacific Coast football team and as the first-team center on the 1960 All-Pacific Coast football team.  He was also selected by the AP, Newspaper Enterprise Association, and Football Writers Association of America as the first-team center on the 1960 College Football All-America Team.
McKasson was inducted into the Washington Huskies Hall of Fame in 1987. He died in 1998 as the result of complications from a kidney transplant.
Noel Keith Miller (1 July 1913 – 26 November 2007) was an Australian cricketer. He played one first-class match for New South Wales in 1935/36.
Cam Christiansen is a Canadian filmmaker, most noted for his 2017 feature documentary film Wall, and the 2023 documentary Echo of Everything.
Originally from Edmonton, Alberta, he studied painting and animation at the Alberta College of Art and Design.
He has twice been named to the Toronto International Film Festival's annual Canada's Top Ten list for his short films I Have Seen the Future in 2007, and Five Hole: Tales of Hockey Erotica in 2009.
Kélétigui Diabaté (1931 – 30 November 2012) was a Malian musician, described as an "undisputed master" of the balafon, and as "one of the greatest figures in Malian contemporary music".
In a keel boat, a death roll is the act of broaching to windward, putting the spinnaker pole into the water and causing a crash-jibe of the boom and mainsail, which sweep across the deck and plunge down into the water. The death roll often results in the destruction of the spinnaker pole and sometimes even the dismasting of the boat.  Serious injury to crew is possible due to the swift and uncontrolled action of the boom and associated gear sweeping across the boat and crashing to the (now) leeward side. 
For dinghy sailors, a death roll is a common type of oscillation while running downwind. It may, and often will, result in a capsize and even a full inversion if the skipper does not take quick action to prevent one. 
During a death roll, the boat rolls from side to side, becoming gradually more unstable until either it capsizes or the skipper reacts correctly to prevent it. While on the dead run, off the wind, the force exerted by the sail lies almost parallel to the center line of the boat. There is little or no force causing the boat to heel to leeward, unlike most other points of sailing, and, if the sail is out past perpendicular to the center line, or the sail is incorrectly shaped, there may be a force causing the boat to heel to windward. Instabilities in the wind, and turbulence caused by the sail, which 'fouls' the wind on such a tack, may cause this force to change rapidly. Most sailors also retract the centerboards of their dinghies while on the run, to reduce drag and increase speed. The lack of resistance to the rolling motion can enhance it.
IOR (International Offshore Racing) boats in the 1970s and 1980s were known for death rolls due to their small mains that made them unbalanced downwind.  Many boats put up spankers, big A-type sails set to leeward and flown away from the boat, to balance the boat. The higher the wind speed, the more important the spanker was to balance the boat.
Sherali Dostiev (Шерали Достиев; born January 12, 1985, in Dushanbe, Region of Republican Subordination) is a male boxer from Tajikistan. He is competing in the Light Flyweight (– 48 kg) division, and won a bronze medal at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships.
He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, but was knocked out in the round of 32 by Harry Tanamor of the Philippines. Dostiev qualified for the Athens Games by ending up in first place at the 1st AIBA Asian 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Guangzhou, PR China. In the final he defeated Thailand's Suban Pannon.
In 2008 he lost 1:12 to Cuban Yampier Hernández.
Karago was a municipality in the Western Region of Uganda. In 2019, Karago was annexed by the city of Fort Portal, as part of the award of Tourism City status. It became a neighborhood in the Northern Division of Fort Portal City.
Nobuhiro Araki (荒城 信弘, Araki Nobuhiro, born 10 January 1944) is a Japanese ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Winter Olympics.
Cameron Johnston may refer to:

Cameron Johnston (American football) (born 1992), Australian player of Australian rules football and American football
Cameron Johnston (wrestler) (born 1970), Australian freestyle wrestler
Louis Henry Kretlow (June 27, 1921 – September 12, 2007)  was an American professional baseball pitcher who played in the Major Leagues (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers (1946; 1948–49), St. Louis Browns / Baltimore Orioles (1950, 1953, 1954–55), Chicago White Sox (1950–53), and Kansas City Athletics (1956). The native of Apache, Oklahoma, threw and batted right-handed, stood 6 feet 2 inches (1.88 m) tall and weighed 185 pounds (84 kg). Kretlow attended the University of Oklahoma, and appeared in two games for the Sooners. He left college and served in the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II (1943–45), before beginning his pro career in 1946. 
Over ten MLB seasons, Kretlow posted a 27–47 won–lost record in 199 games pitched (104 started), with 22 complete games, three shutouts, 43 games finished, one save, a 4.87 earned run average and 1.659 WHIP. In 785+1⁄3 innings pitched, he allowed 781 hits, 479 runs (425 earned) and 522 bases on balls. He was credited with 450 strikeouts.
Lou Kretlow died in Enid of natural causes at the age of 86. Kretlow's funeral occurred in Enid, Oklahoma.
The name Institute for Advanced Study or sometimes Institute of Advanced Studies is used by various research institutions around the world.  They include:
The 2008 Japanese Formula 3 Championship was the 30th edition of the Japanese Formula 3 Championship. Dutchman Carlo van Dam took the main title, with Hideki Yamauchi taking the National Class. TOM'S took their eighth constructors title in a row.
Theta Circini (θ Cir), is a binary star located in the southern constellation of Circinus, to the northwest of Alpha Circini. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.110. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 11.82 mas, it is located at a distance of about 276 light years from the Sun.
This is an astrometric binary star system with an orbital period of about 39.6 years, an eccentricity of 0.3, and a semimajor axis of 85.64 mas. The pair show a combined stellar classification of B3 Ve, which matches a B-type main sequence star. The 'e' suffix on the class indicates this is a Be star. Alternate classifications include B4 Vnp and B4npe, with the 'n' indicating broad ("nebulous") absorption lines due to rotation and the 'p' meaning a chemically peculiar star. The two components appear to have similar visual magnitude, mass, and classification. The system behaves as a Gamma Cassiopeiae variable showing occasional outbursts of up to 0.27 in magnitude.
Broad Street Presbyterian Church may refer to:

Broad Street Presbyterian Church, Birmingham in England
East Broad Street Presbyterian Church in Columbus, Ohio, United States
Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton, New Jersey, United States
Veyseh (Persian: ويسه, also Romanized as Vayseh and Vaiseh; also known as Gharb Veyseh and Vīzeh) is a village in Zarivar Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 825, in 180 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
The 2018–19 Yenisey Krasnoyarsk season was the first season that the club will play in the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Russia. Yenisey finished the season in 16th position, being relegated back to the RFNL at the first opportunity.


115 Fifth Lane (commonly known as Fifth Lane) is the home of Ranil Wickremesinghe, the former Prime Minister and incumbent President of Sri Lanka. It was built by Wickremesinghe's father, press baron Esmond Wickremesinghe. In his capacity as Prime Minister, Wickremesinghe continued to live at Fifth Lane, using the Prime Minister's official residence, Temple Trees, only for official functions during his time as Prime Minister, with the exception of the 2018 Sri Lankan constitutional crisis. During Wickremesinghe's tenure as opposition leader, he met many foreign dignitaries at Fifth Lane.
The living room of Fifth Lane was badly damaged on 23 March 1965 when a bomb was thrown into the house and exploded moments after Dudley Senanayake had left the premises while negotiations were underway to form a government.
On July 9, 2022, protestors stormed the residence, in connection with the political and the economic crisis which was going on since 2019. Subsequently, Wickremesinghe stated his willingness to resign, in order to make way for an all-party government. The residence was broken in to by protestors and set on fire at just after 21:10 (16:40 BST). Wickremesinghe was not present during the arrival of protestors.
The 2013–14 season was the 116th in the history of Northern Football League, a football competition in England. The league has operated two divisions in the English football league system, Division One at step 5, and Division Two at step 6.
Anna "Vera" Vitali (born 3 October 1981) is a Swedish actress and playwright, who stars as Lisa in the drama series Bonus Family.
The Childers Incident of 2 January 1793 marked the opening shots between British and French forces during the French Revolutionary Wars, the first phase of a 23-year-long war between the two countries. Following the French Revolution of 1789, diplomatic relations between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the French Republic had steadily deteriorated and France was in political and social turmoil. One of the strongest hotbeds of republican activity was the principal Atlantic naval base of the French Navy at Brest in Brittany, the scene of a significant mutiny in 1790.
On 2 January a small British warship, the 14-gun brig HMS Childers under Commander Robert Barlow, was ordered to enter the Roadstead of Brest to reconnoitre the state of readiness of the French fleet. As Childers entered the Goulet de Brest, the vessel came under fire from French batteries flying the tricolour. Although Barlow clearly identified his brig as a neutral British vessel the fire continued until he was able to withdraw. Although Childers had been struck by a 48 lb (22 kg) cannonball, none of the crew were wounded. The incident was of itself inconsequential, with minimal damage and no casualties on either side, but it marked a symbolic moment in the deterioration of relations between Britain and France in the approach to war, which broke out on 1 February 1793.
Karl Schediwy was a male former international table tennis player from Austria.
Geoffroy Didier (French pronunciation: [ʒɔfʁwa didje]; born 12 April 1976) is a French lawyer and politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from December 2017 to July 2024. A member of The Republicans (LR), he has also held a seat in the Regional Council of Île-de-France since 2010.
The Plainfield Halfway House is a historic building in Plainfield, Illinois. Plainfield was first settled in the 1820s by a group seeking to convert the local Pottawatomie to Christianity. Squire L. F. Arnold, the first postmaster of Plainfield, owned the tract of land on which the building stands. In 1834, he built a small building to serve as a post office and a stop for stagecoaches. The property was sold in 1836, and a two-story building was constructed adjacent to the original structure. This new structure operated as a tavern and inn. The inn earned its name by being halfway on the stagecoach line between Chicago and Ottawa. A year later, Dr. Erastus Wight became manager of the establishment, running it until his death in 1845. His son, Dr. Roderick Wight, took over from his father and purchased the building in 1850. He added a one-story addition to the back of the inn later that year.
The inn's large size made it an ideal site to conduct town affairs. It was used as a meeting hall in its early years and became the main location for Plainfield social events. The Plainfield Light Artillery used the building as a headquarters from 1856 until the Civil War. The building ceased to function as an inn starting in 1886, and was converted into a private residence. It was home to the descendants of the Wight family until 1956. The original building that served stagecoach passengers was demolished in the 1940s. The remaining building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1980.
The Dominion of Ceylon competed at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Perth, Western Australia, from 22 November to 1 December 1962.
Zhuanghe (865) (Chinese: 庄河) is a converted container ship that entered service with People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) South Sea Fleet in 2004. The modular container ship is intended for various missions with the primary task of medical evacuation, but with different modules, it can also perform other missions such as troop transport, naval and aviation training.
Originally, Zhuanghe was the third ship of the Xianghe (香河) class container ships built by West Germany in the mid-1980s for COSCO, with some minor differences between each ship of this class, such as number of containers carried and propulsion system.  A total of four ships were built by three different German shipyards and Zhuanghe itself was built by Seebeckwerft in 1985 and entered service in July of the same year. Standard capacity was a total of 1668 containers, including 108 for refrigerated containers.  Approximately half of the containers were carried above the deck, and the other half below deck in cargo holds. The ship was divided into six cargo holds with a volume of approximately 39,905 cubic meters. A total of 118 bottles of carbon dioxide dry powder fire extinguishers were carried to fight potential fire, which would be detected by automatic fire detection system. As a container ship, Zhuanghe was crewed by a total of 32 sailors. Standard rescue equipment included two lifeboats each with capacity of 41 people, a liferaft on the port side with capacity of 25 people and two life rafts on starboard side each with capacity of 31 people.
The conversion of Zhuanghe was completed in 2004 and the number of lifeboats and life rafts were increased, while the number of containers were drastically reduced because containers are not stacked above deck any more. A total of a hundred container sized modules are carried, and any combination can be selected based on the mission requirement. Built as a cargo ship, not much consideration was given to passenger comfort because Zhuanghe was not a cruise ship, and only carried a very small crew due to high levels of automation. Due to the lack of information released about the ship, it is not clear if Zhuanghe is stable enough to allow extremely complex surgeries to be performed in extremely adverse weather like the Type 920 hospital ship, a capability the earlier Qiaongsha class ambulance transport, also converted from a cargo ship does not have.
The Tivoli, colloquially known as the new Tivoli, is a football stadium in the Sportpark Soers in Aachen, Germany, that opened on 17 August 2009 replacing the nearby old Tivoli. It hosts the home matches of Alemannia Aachen in the 3. Liga. The stadium has a capacity of 31,026 spectators – space for 11,681 standing spectators and 19,345 seats. The (all-)seating capacity for international games is set at 27,250.
The city first suggested the new stadium should be built outside the city, near the local airport. However, fans wanted the stadium built within the city. After much debate, plans were released in February 2007, showing that the new stadium would be built in Sportpark Soers, the sporting area the previous stadium was in.
About €4.2 million of the construction costs were financed by bonds mainly targeted at supporters of Alemannia Aachen.
The first match in the new stadium was against the Belgian team Lierse SK, but it was closed for the public. The first Bundesliga-match took place on 17 August 2009 against FC St. Pauli which Aachen lost 0–5, which was the highest home-defeat in Aachen's history.
The first international match was on 4 September 2009 when the Germany national under-21 football team played their first match of the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification against San Marino, which they won 6–0.
In June 2023, it was announced that the city of Aachen agreed to 1. FC Düren's application to use the stadium for the 2023/24 Regionalliga West season. Without the right to play their home games at the Tivoli, 1. FC Düren would not have been granted a license for the Regionalliga West and would thus inevitably have been relegated. The Düren stadium is being made suitable for Regionallia West play in the meantime.
The Magnificat by John Rutter is a musical setting of the biblical canticle Magnificat, completed in 1990. The extended composition in seven movements "for soprano or mezzo-soprano solo, mixed choir, and orchestra (or chamber ensemble)" is based on the Latin text, interspersed with "Of a Rose, a lovely Rose", an anonymous English poem on Marian themes, the beginning of the Sanctus and a prayer to Mary. The music includes elements of Latin American music.
The composer conducted the first performance in Carnegie Hall on 26 May 1990, and the first recording with the Cambridge Singers and the City of London Sinfonia. Oxford University Press published Magnificat in 1991 and Of a Rose, a lovely Rose separately in 1998.
While the canticle Magnificat was often set to music, being a regular part of Catholic vespers and Anglican evensong, Rutter's work is one of few extended settings, along with Bach's composition. Critical reception has been mixed, appreciating that the "orchestration is brilliant and very colourful" and "the music weaves a magical spell of balm and peace", but also experiencing a "virtual encyclopedia of musical cliches, a ... predictable exercise in glitzy populism".
Loricaria tucumanensis is a species of catfish in the family Loricariidae. It is native to South America, where it occurs in the Dulce River basin in Argentina. The species reaches 12.1 cm (4.8 inches) in standard length and is believed to be a facultative air-breather.
General elections were held in Oman on 29 October 2023. As the country is an absolute monarchy, the legislature is a purely advisory body.
Smle (stylized in lowercase) is an American electronic music duo consisting of Ruben Cardenas and Lewis Martinee. They are best known for their remix of Bobby Rush's song "Funk O'De Funk", for which they were nominated for the Best Remixed Recording award at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards.
The following is a list of diseases in citrus plants.
A bone-anchored hearing aid (BAHA) is a type of hearing aid based on bone conduction. It is primarily suited for people who have conductive hearing losses, unilateral hearing loss, single-sided deafness and people with mixed hearing losses who cannot otherwise wear 'in the ear' or 'behind the ear' hearing aids. They are more expensive than conventional hearing aids, and their placement involves invasive surgery which carries a risk of complications, although when complications do occur, they are usually minor.
Two of the causes of hearing loss are lack of function in the inner ear (cochlea) and when the sound has problems in reaching the nerve cells of the inner ear.  Examples of the first include age-related hearing loss and hearing loss due to noise exposure. A patient born without external ear canals is an example of the latter for which a conventional hearing aid with a mould in the ear canal opening would not be effective. Some with this condition have normal inner ear function, as the external ear canal and the inner ear are developed at different stages during pregnancy. With normal inner anatomy, sound conducted by the skull bone improves hearing.
A vibrator with a steel spring over the head or in heavy frames of eyeglasses pressed towards the bone behind the ear has been used to bring sound to the inner ear.  This has, however, several disadvantages, such as discomfort and pain due to the pressure needed. The sound quality is also impaired as much of the sound energy is lost in the soft tissue over the skull bone, particularly for the higher sound frequencies important for speech understanding in noise.
Horsebridge was a railway station on the closed Sprat and Winkle Line which served the Hampshire village of Houghton. It closed in 1964, a casualty of the closure programme proposed by the Beeching Axe which sounded the death knell for many rural railway stations.
Nanno is a municipality in the province of Trento in Italy.
Nanno can also refer to:

Nannō, Gifu, a town in Japan
Yoko Minamino or Nanno (born 1967), Japanese actress and singer
Yōkō Minamino, a fictional character from the manga series Shonan Junai Gumi, whose nickname is "Nanno"
Nanno (woman) (Ναννώ), a female flute player described in several poems of Mimnermus, a Greek elegiac poet
Nanno Nanigashi, an archaic form of the Japanese equivalent of John Doe
Nanno de Groot, an artist known for abstract expressionism
Nanno (cephalopod), a genus of prehistoric cephalopod
Badreddine Assouar (born May 5, 1974) is a physicist, currently director of research at CNRS and the University of Lorraine in France. His research focuses on metamaterials, metasurfaces, phononic crystals and SAW devices.
He is an associate editor of Physical Review Applied.
The 2004 Major League Baseball season ended when the Boston Red Sox defeated the St. Louis Cardinals in a four-game World Series sweep. The Red Sox championship ended an 86-year-long drought known as the Curse of the Bambino. The Red Sox were also the first team in MLB history and the third team from a major North American professional sports league ever to come back from a 3–0 postseason series deficit and win. This happened in the ALCS against the New York Yankees.
The Montreal Expos would play their last season in Montreal, before relocating to Washington DC, becoming the Washington Nationals in 2005.
Caere (also Caisra and Cisra) is the Latin name given by the Romans to one of the larger cities of southern Etruria, the modern Cerveteri, approximately 50–60 kilometres north-northwest of Rome. To the Etruscans it was known as Cisra, to the Greeks as Agylla and to the Phoenicians as 𐤊𐤉𐤔𐤓𐤉𐤀 (KYŠRYʼ).
Caere was one of the most important and populous Etruscan city-states, in area 15 times larger than today's town, and only Tarquinia was equal in power at its height around 600 BC. Caere was also one of the cities of the Etruscan League.
Its sea port and monumental sanctuary at Pyrgi was important for overseas trade.
Today, the area of Cerveteri is best known for its Etruscan necropolis and archaeological treasures.
Ian Fitzgibbon (born 1962) is an Irish film and television director, screenwriter and occasionally actor. He is perhaps best known for directing Spin the Bottle, A Film with Me in It and the Comedy Central UK show Threesome, and for the role of Fr. Jessup in Father Ted.
In 2014, he won an IFTA for director television drama for the Sky sitcom Moone Boy.
Ogrohayon (Bengali: অগ্রহায়ণ ,Ôgrôhayôn), alternately spelled Agrahayan, is the eighth month of the Bengali calendar. It is the second of the two months that make up the dry season, locally called "Hemanta" (Bengali: হেমন্ত, Hemôntô). It is commonly believed that this month is very auspicious for marriage.
Herbiconiux is a Gram-positive, non-spore-forming, endophytic, obligatory aerobic and non-motile genus of bacteria from the family Microbacteriaceae.
Information and communication technologies for environmental sustainability (ICT Ensure) is a general term referring to the application of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within the field of environmental sustainability. Information and communication technologies are acting as integrating and enabling technologies for the economy and they profoundly affect our society. Recent changes in ICT use globally have damaged the environment (in terms of waste and energy consumption etc.) but also have the potential to support environmental sustainability activities, such as the targets set within the Millennium Development Goal (MDG) number 7 (MDG7) to "ensure environmental sustainability".
New technologies provide utilities for knowledge acquisition and awareness, early evaluation of new knowledge, reaching agreements and communication of progress in the interest of the human welfare. This includes ethical aspects of protecting human life as well as aspects of consumer safety and the preservation of our natural environment.
Shannon Hader (born July 15, 1968) is an American public health physician who is the Dean of the School of International Service at American University. She is a published scientist and doctor, primarily focused on the HIV and AIDS epidemic. Her research specializes in infectious diseases.
The Sandwitches are an American garage-folk band integral to the indie rock scene of San Francisco, where they are based. Local musicians, such as The Fresh & Onlys, Sonny Smith, and Tim Cohen have had The Sandwitches’ vocals featured on their recordings and performances.
Ken or Kenneth Wallace may refer to:

Ken Wallace (canoeist) (born 1983), Australian sprint canoeist
Ken Wallace (cricketer) (born 1936), English cricketer
Ken Wallace (footballer) (born 1952), English footballer
Ken M. Wallace (1944–2018), British mechanical engineer
Kenny Wallace (born 1963), American stock car racing driver
Miguel Angel Fernández Sanjuán (Miguel A. F. Sanjuán) is a Spanish Theoretical Physicist from Leon, Spain. He is known for his contributions in nonlinear dynamics, chaos theory, and control of chaos, and has published several scientific papers and popular news articles. He has supervised around 20 PhD students in Nonlinear Dynamics, Chaos and Complex Systems.
Willie James Buchanon (born November 4, 1950) is an American former professional football player who was a cornerback for the Green Bay Packers and San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the San Diego State Aztecs and was selected in the first round of the 1972 NFL draft with the seventh overall pick. He was Defensive Rookie of the Year in 1972 and a two-time Pro Bowl player. He finished his career with his hometown Chargers, retiring with 28 career interceptions and 15 fumble recoveries.
Emerson Whithorne (birth surname Whittern) (September 6, 1884 in Cleveland, Ohio - March 25, 1958) was a notable American composer and researcher into the history of music. He had a reputation as an authority on the music of China. He wrote music criticism for Musical America and the Paul Mall Gazette.
The 2nd Royal Cheshire Militia was a militia infantry battalion raised in Macclesfield, Cheshire, England in 1853.  Later linked to the regular Cheshire Regiment as its 4th (Militia) Battalion, the unit served in the Second Anglo-Boer War before disbandment in 1908.


Chaowat Veerachat (Thai: เชาว์วัฒน์ วีระชาติ, born 23 June 1996) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Thai League 1 club BG Pathum United, and the Thailand national team.
Vaskovo (Russian: Васьково) is a rural locality (a village) in Voskresenskoye Rural Settlement, Cherepovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 3 as of 2002.
Martin O'Brien (27 August 1885 – 24 December 1958) was an Irish hurler. His championship career with the Tipperary senior team lasted from 1906 until 1912.
Myriogenospora aciculispora is a fungal plant pathogen. It has been reported to cause disease among sugarcane in Brazil.
The 2017 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado Boulder during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Buffaloes were led by fifth-year head coach Mike MacIntyre, and played their home games at Folsom Field in Boulder. They competed as members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 5–7, 2–7 in Pac-12 play to finish in last place in the South Division.
Louis Côté (September 13, 1890 – February 2, 1943) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure. He represented Ottawa East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative from 1929 to 1934 and was also a Conservative member of the Senate of Canada for Ottawa East division from 1933 to 1943.
Thomas Stapleton  (born 22 February 1988) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
Stapleton made his first appearance for the team during the 2007 National League and has become a regular player over the last few seasons. Since then he has won one Munster winners' medal on the field of play.
At club level Stapleton is a county intermediate championship medalist with Templederry Kenyons.
Proactive secret sharing is an underlying technique in Proactive Security Protocols. 
It is a method to update distributed keys (shares) in a secret sharing scheme periodically such that an attacker has less time to compromise shares and as long as the attacker visits less than a threshold or a quorum group, the system remains secure. This contrasts to a non-proactive scheme where if the threshold number of shares are compromised during the lifetime of the secret, the secret is compromised. The model which takes time constraints into account was originally suggested as an extension of the notion of Byzantine fault tolerance where redundancy of sharing allows robustness into the time domain (periods) and was proposed by Rafail Ostrovsky and Moti Yung in 1991. The method has been used in the areas of cryptographic protocols in secure multi-party computation and in threshold cryptosystems.
The mixed doubles tournament at the 1990 French Open was held from 28 May until 10 June 1990 on the outdoor clay courts at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris, France. Jorge Lozano and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario won the title, defeating Danie Visser and Nicole Provis in the final.
"Pinewood Derby" is the sixth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series South Park. The 187th overall episode of the series, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 15, 2009. In the episode, Randy helps Stan cheat in a pinewood derby race, which inadvertently leads to the discovery of alien life. When an alien gangster visits South Park and the residents come into possession of his stolen "space cash", they decide to keep it for themselves and hide it from alien police officers who are looking for it.
The episode was written and directed by series co-founder Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA L in the United States for strong to extreme language. "Pinewood Derby" was seen by 2.78 million households in its original broadcast, according to Nielsen ratings, making it the second most-watched episode on Comedy Central the week it aired. The episode received mixed reviews upon its initial broadcast.
"Pinewood Derby" has been noted for spoofing a number of world leaders, such as Gordon Brown, Silvio Berlusconi, Vladimir Putin, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, Raila Odinga, Taro Aso, Han Seung-soo, Nicolas Sarkozy, Matti Vanhanen, Angela Merkel, Wen Jiabao and John Howard. The episode was originally scheduled to air on MTV Latin America in February 2010 but was pulled at the last minute, allegedly due to its perceived negative portrayal of Mexican President Felipe Calderón.


Leopold Krakauer (March 1890 – December 1954) was an architect and a painter. He was one of the most prominent architects who worked in Israel in the mid-twenties. He was also a painter who presented drawings and paintings at exhibitions in Israel and all over the world. Krakauer lived in Israel from 1924 until his death.
Eburia nigrovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Thomas Welch Horton,  (29 December 1919 – 6 December 2021) was a Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) officer, pilot, and combat veteran who served with the Royal Air Force (RAF) in a number of significant engagements during the Second World War. He was a member of No. 88 Squadron and flew anti-ship missions in the Bristol Blenheim and Douglas Boston. Horton also served with and later commanded No. 105 Squadron flying the de Havilland Mosquito in the Pathfinder Force (PFF) that marked targets for destruction by following groups of heavy bombers.
After the war, Horton was commissioned with the RAF and commanded No. 203 Squadron, flying maritime patrol missions in the Neptune MR.1. He served on the United Kingdom's Air Ministry staff and as a liaison officer in the Pentagon to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). Horton retired with the rank of wing commander in 1966.
Kaiju Big Battel is a performance by the New York City based performance entertainment troupe created by Rand Borden. The performances are parodies of both professional wrestling and the tokusatsu kaiju eiga films of Japan. These Battels are presented in the style of professional wrestling events, with the costumed performers playing the roles of giant, city-crushing monsters similar to Godzilla and Gamera. The odd spelling of battel originates in a mistake Borden made on a T-shirt design, which became an inside joke. The performances include many in-jokes aimed towards fans of professional wrestling (especially Mexican wrestling), superhero comic books and Japanese popular culture. Many of the names of the characters are in mock Spanish or mock Japanese, and Engrish is used liberally for comedic effect.
The 2002–03 SM-liiga season was the 28th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 13 teams participated in the league, and Tappara Tampere won the championship.
The Jahna  is a river of Saxony, Germany. It is a left tributary of the Elbe, which it joins in Riesa.
Gong'an County (simplified Chinese: 公安县; traditional Chinese: 公安縣; pinyin: Gōng'ān Xiàn) is a county in southern Hubei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Hunan to the south. It is under the administration of Jingzhou City.
USS Eagle, a brig, was launched 11 August 1814 as Surprise at Vergennes, Vermont, by Adam and Noah Brown. She was renamed Eagle 6 September and placed under the command of Lieutenant R. Henley.
Barely finished in time to participate in the decisive Battle of Lake Champlain on 11 September 1814, Eagle rendered service. The first vessel in the American line, she fought HMS Chub, HMS Linnet, and HMS Confiance alongside the USS Saratoga.  During the course of the battle she was holed 39 times and had 13 men killed and 20 wounded. After the battle she was laid up for preservation at Whitehall, New York, but was sold in 1825.
The 1912 Marshall Thundering Herd football team represented Marshall College (now Marshall University) in the 1912 college football season. Marshall posted a 3–4 record, outscoring its opposition 197–94. Home games were played on a campus field called "Central Field" which is presently Campus Commons.
Freedom of religion in Germany is guaranteed by article 4 of the German constitution. This states that "the freedom of religion, conscience and the freedom of confessing one's religious or philosophical beliefs are inviolable. Uninfringed religious practice is guaranteed." In addition, article 3 states that "No one may be prejudiced or favored because of his gender, his descent, his race, his language, his homeland and place of origin, his faith or his religious or political views." Any person or organization can call the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany for free help.
The German system of state support for otherwise independent religious institutions assists all religions equally in principle, though in practice it has been unable to fully encompass some minority faiths. The government has granted most of the country's major religious communities "public law corporation" (PLC) status – Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts in German – which allows for numerous benefits. Traditions that lack a centrally organized national structure – most notably Islam – have had difficulty attaining PLC status and the benefits that come with it.
In 2023, the country was scored 4 out of 4 for religious freedom.
SC Whitmore School in South Carolina is a virtual school that is authorized by the South Carolina Public Charter School District, an extension of the South Carolina Department of Education. Opened in August 2011, it offers free public school that high school students in grades 9-12 attend from home. 
Coursework is self-paced and based upon mastery learning. Students work with certified teachers in self-paced, asynchronous classes to revise their assignments until they have demonstrated mastery.
The SC Whitmore School is accredited by the  AdvancED Accreditation Commission.
The Metsimotlhabe River is the largest river in the Kweneng District of Botswana, draining the area that lies to the south of Molepolole into the Notwane River, in turn a tributary of the Limpopo River.  
The name "Metsimotlhabe" means "water sand river".
The Bokaa Dam was built in 1990/1991 by damming the Metsimotlhabe River just south of Bokaa village.
Surface drainage in the sandveld surrounding the Metsimotlhabe is limited to pans and dry valleys, which rarely carry surface water.
Sand extraction from the riverbed has caused problems, since this lowers the water table and causes the surrounding vegetation to die.
This is a significant economic activity in the District.
In June 2012 a spokesperson for the Ministry of Minerals, Energy and Water Resources pointed out that demand was high due to the boom in housing caused by the growing affluence of the country.
Don't Blame Me may refer to:

Don't Blame Me (TV series), an Australian children's program
Don't Blame Me (manga)
Don't Blame Me (album) by Marc Ribot
"Don't Blame Me" (Dorothy Fields and Jimmy McHugh song), first published in 1933
"Don't Blame Me" (Taylor Swift song), from the album Reputation (2017)
"Don't Blame Me", a song by Little River Band from Playing to Win
"Don't Blame Me", a song by James Marriott from Are We There Yet? (2023)
"Don't Blame Me", a B-side track by Ozzy Osbourne's on the single "Mama, I'm Coming Home"
"Don't Blame Me", a song by Santigold from I Don't Want: The Gold Fire Sessions
Don't Blame Me, an album by Steve Goodman
The Jefferson County Circuit Court is the Kentucky Circuit Court with jurisdiction over Jefferson County Kentucky, which includes the city of Louisville, Kentucky.  It is the largest single unified trial court in Kentucky.
Mazgerd (Persian: مازگرد) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District of Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan province, Iran.
The women's triple jump event at the 2016 African Championships in Athletics was held on 26 June in Kings Park Stadium.
Fereej Al Murra (Arabic: فريج المرة) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of zone no. 55 which has a population of 283,675 and also includes Bu Sidra, Al Aziziya, Al Waab, Fereej Al Soudan, Muaither, Al Mearad, New Fereej Al Ghanim, Fereej Al Manaseer and Al Sailiya. 
It borders Bu Sidra to the west, the Doha Industrial Area to the south, Ain Khaled to the east and south-east, New Fereej Al Ghanim to the east, and Al Aziziya to the north.
Zabagnie [zaˈbaɡɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Wolbrom, 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Olkusz, and 41 km (25 mi) north of the regional capital Kraków.
The Hays Daily News is a newspaper that serves western Kansas.  The Daily News was published every day except Saturday. The week of March 17, 2024, the newspaper changed publication dates to twice a week on Wednesdays and Saturdays. This followed a reduction several years prior to three days per week (Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday). In 2011, the paper reported a circulation of 9,644 subscribers.
Neil Amwin Treharne Adcock (8 March 1931 – 6 January 2013) was a South African international cricketer who played in 26 Test matches. A tall aggressive fast bowler, he could lift the ball sharply off a length. He was the first South African fast bowler to take 100 Test wickets.
Hotel du Cantal is an oil on canvas painting by the French painter Jean Dubuffet, created in 1961. The work, part of a major donation made by the artist in 1967, is held at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, in Paris.
Dumitru Noroc (10 November 1933 – 18 November 2020) was a Moldovan politician who served as a Deputy.
Paul Graham Arthur Bolland (born 23 December 1979) is an English former professional footballer, commentator and football coach who is head of football at Queen Ethelburga's Collegiate.
As a player, he was a midfielder from 1997 to 2013 and represented Bradford City, Notts County, Grimsby Town, Macclesfield Town, Mansfield Town and Harrogate Town.
Santora is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Jack Santora (born 1976), American baseball infielder
Jamie Santora (born 1971), American politician
Nicholas Santora (1942–2018), American mobster
Nick Santora (born 1970), American writer and producer
Pete Santora (born 1976), American soccer player
Saverio Santora (1935–1987), American mobster
Rising Star High School is a public high school located in Rising Star, Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Rising Star Independent School District located in south central Eastland County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Angelo Siniscalchi (born 15 July 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie D club AC Rezzato.
Susan Ruth Rankin (born 1956) is an American academic specializing in higher education policy and queer studies. She was a member of the faculty and administration at Pennsylvania State University from 1979 to 2013. Rankin is recognized as a prominent figure in the LGBTQ sports movement and was one of the first openly lesbian NCAA Division I coaches.


Exclusion may refer to:
James Michael Weatherwax (born January 9, 1943) is a former American football player.  He played professionally as a defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for the Green Bay Packers.  He played college football at San Bernardino Valley College, California State University, Los Angeles and West Texas A&M University.
Weatherwax was drafted by the Packers in the 11th round with the 150th overall pick of the 1965 NFL draft. He played 34 games during three seasons, 1966, 1967, and 1969, with Green Bay. Weatherwax was a member of Green Bay's Super Bowl I  and Super Bowl II championship teams.
Margaret Craven (born 1944) is an American politician from Maine. Craven served as a Democratic State Senator from Maine's 16th District, representing Lewiston. She was first elected to office in 2002, when she won a seat in the Maine House of Representatives. She served in the House from 2002 to 2008, when she was elected to the Maine State Senate. She was re-elected in 2010 and 2012. In February 2014, Craven announced her retirement from Maine politics following the 2014 election, citing the need to take care of her ailing husband.
In 2018, after her husband's death, Craven announced her candidacy for the Maine House of Representatives in the 59th district. She won the uncontested Democratic primary in June, and defeated her Republican opponent in the November general election.
The many-ribbed salamander (Eurycea multiplicata) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States. Its natural habitats are temperate forests, rivers, freshwater springs, inland karsts, and caves.
It is endemic in its distribution to eastern Oklahoma, southwestern Missouri, and northwestern Arkansas, and the portion of Kansas in Cherokee County.
Reproduction is aquatic and long-distance migrations unlikely. Populations that inhabit thermally stable springs have a prolonged mating season compared with populations inhabiting surface streams with more variable temperatures. Based on the times when females contained spermatozoa in their reproductive tracts, mating activity could be from July–May.
Carolyn Charise Jenkins (born January 29, 1969, in Fresno, California), is the assistant commissioner for operations of the West Coast Conference. Previously, Jenkins served as a women's basketball coach in the WNBA, serving as an assistant coach and head coach of the Minnesota Lynx, and as Director of Player Personnel for the WNBA.
Jenkins earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from UC Berkeley (Cal) in 1990. While at Cal, she played 104 career games in four seasons with the Golden Bears from 1986 to 1990.
After assistant coaching stints at Stanford and Michigan State, Jenkins became the head coach for the women's basketball team at Sacramento State University for three seasons.
Jenkins became the Minnesota Lynx fourth head coach in 2006 after Suzie McConnell-Serio resigned on July 23. She led  the Lynx to a 2–9 record to close out the 2006 WNBA Season.
In December 2006, longtime NBA assistant Don Zierden was named the Lynx head coach, and Jenkins was retained in her current assistant coaching position. On November 1, 2007, Jenkins was named director of player personnel of the WNBA.
Marinen is a Norwegian and Swedish language word meaning "The Navy". It may refer to:

The Finnish Navy
The Royal Norwegian Navy
The Swedish Navy
Gerce is a village in Kozaklı District, Nevşehir Province, Turkey. Its population is 100 (2022).
St Mary's College is a year 7–13 integrated Catholic girls' high school situated at 11 New Street, Ponsonby, Auckland in New Zealand. It was founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1850 and is the oldest existing school in  central Auckland, and oldest secondary girls school in New Zealand.
Acoelorraphe is a genus of palms with a single species Acoelorraphe wrightii, known as the Paurotis palm, Everglades palm or Madeira palm in English and cubas, tique, and papta in Spanish. The genus name is sometimes spelt as Acoelorrhaphe or Acoelorhaphe, which are treated by orthographical variants by the International Plant Names Index.
Welcome to Myrtle Manor, also known as Trailer Park: Welcome To Myrtle Manor, is an American reality television series on TLC that premiered on March 3, 2013, with filming of the first season taking place from August to November 2012. TLC ordered a second season in May 2013 that consists of ten episodes and debuted on January 16, 2014. Filming for the second season began the last week of June 2013 and completed in October 2013. The series' production company, The Weinstein Company, announced that the series would be renamed Trailer Park: Welcome To Myrtle Manor beginning with the second season in order to leave the option open for spin-off series set in other trailer parks across the United States.
It was announced on July 10, 2014, that Welcome to Myrtle Manor had been renewed for a third season that consists of 10 episodes. Filming began on August 11, 2014, and continued through January 2015.
On June 4, 2015, the cast announced that TLC would not be going forward with a fourth season. The cast asked for fans of the show to let TLC know that they wanted a fourth season. As of 2016, TLC had "no plans" for another season. Cecil Patrick, owner of the mobile home park, said it was still a tourist attraction, especially among those whose lives were similar to the park's residents.


Wang Zhenfeng (Chinese: 王貞風; 436 – 12 November 479), formally Empress Gong (恭皇后, literally "the respectful empress"), was an empress of the Chinese Liu Song dynasty. Her husband was Emperor Ming of Song (Liu Yu).  She served as regent during the minority of Latter Deposed Emperor of Liu Song from 472 to 477.
Iris tigridia is a plant species in the genus Iris; it is also in the subgenus Iris and in the section Pseudoregelia. It is a rhizomatous perennial, from Kazakhstan, Russia, Mongolia and China. It has dark green or greyish green, grass-like leaves, a short slender stem and a single (or rarely 2) flowers that are either violet, dark blue, blue-purple, dark purple, mauve, lilac, lavender, or light purple. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions.
Giyan District (Persian: بخش گیان) is in Nahavand County, Hamadan province, Iran. Its capital is the city of Giyan.
A bandha (Sanskrit: बंध) is a kriyā in Hatha Yoga, being a kind of internal mudra described as a "body lock," to lock the vital energy into the body. Bandha literally means bond, fetter, or "catching hold of".
Holme is a linear settlement and former civil parish, now in the parish of Messingham, in the North Lincolnshire district, in the ceremonial county of Lincolnshire, England. The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 113.
Holme is situated approximately 5 miles (8 km)  south-east from the town of Scunthorpe. Just to the south-east is Grade II listed Twigmoor Hall. This house was the home of John Wright before he was executed for his part in the Gunpowder Plot. The authorities described Twigmoor Hall as ".. one of the worst in her Majesty’s dominions and is used like a Popish college for traitors in the northern parts".
Ectoedemia arcuatella is a moth of the family Nepticulidae. It is found in most of Europe, except the Iberian Peninsula, east to and the Volga and Ural regions of Russia.

The wingspan is about 5 mm.Head ochreous-yellowish to fuscous. Antennal eyecaps white. Forewings blackish ; an oblique somewhat curved shining silvery fascia in middle ; outer half of cilia beyond a blackish line grey whitish. Hindwings grey. Adults are on wing from June to July.
The larvae feed on Fragaria moschata, Fragaria vesca, Fragaria viridis, Potentilla erecta and Potentilla sterilis. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
Rhonda Britten (born Rhonda Wiitanen; December 1, 1960 in Two Harbors, Minnesota) is the founder of the Fearless Living Institute, a public speaker, author and actress.
List of Rulers of Wituland
(Dates in italics indicate de facto continuation of office)
SKAC is the abbreviation of:

Araracuara Airport, an airport serving Araracuara, Colombia, by ICAO code
Storm King Art Center in Mountainville, New York, USA, an open-air museum which has extended the concept of a "sculpture garden" to become a "sculpture landscape
Hanjuku-Joshi (半熟女子, "Half-ripe Girls") is a Japanese yuri romance manga series written and illustrated by Akiko Morishima. It was serialized in Ichijinsha's Comic Yuri Hime magazine from October 2008 to August 2009. It was licensed for an English-language release digitally by JManga.
The 1936 George Washington Colonials football team was an American football team that represented George Washington University as an independent during the 1936 college football season. In its eighth season under head coach Jim Pixlee, the team compiled a 7–1–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 175 to 38. The team defeated Arkansas, Wake Forest, and West Virginia, tied with Ole Miss, and lost to Rice.
Explorer is a 2022 biographical documentary film about the life and exploits of British explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, directed by Matthew Dyas. It was critically acclaimed as a "compelling portrait" of Fiennes. 


In Greek mythology, Anticlus (Ancient Greek: Ἄντικλος Antiklos), son of Ortyx, was one of the Greek warriors who hid inside the Trojan Horse during the siege of Troy.
Noel Campbell may refer to:

Noel Campbell (footballer) (1949–2022), Irish footballer and football manager
Noel Campbell (hurler) (1920–1985), Irish hurler
Noel W. Campbell (born 1941), member of the Arizona House of Representatives
Yèbles (French pronunciation: [jɛbl] ) is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
HMS Griffin (H31) was a G-class destroyer, built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1930s. In World War II she took part in the Norwegian Campaign of April–May 1940 and the Battle of Dakar in September before being transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in November. She generally escorted larger ships of the Mediterranean Fleet as they protected convoys against attacks from the Italian Fleet. Griffin took part in the Battle of Cape Matapan in March 1941 and the evacuations of Greece and Crete in April–May 1941. In June she took part in the Syria-Lebanon Campaign and was escorting convoys and the larger ships of the Mediterranean Fleet until she was transferred to the Eastern Fleet in March 1942.
Griffin saw no action in the Japanese Indian Ocean raid in April, but was escorting convoys for most of her time in the Indian Ocean. In June she returned to the Mediterranean to escort another convoy to Malta in Operation Vigorous. Beginning in November 1942, she was converted to an escort destroyer in the United Kingdom and was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy on 1 March 1943. The ship, now renamed HMCS Ottawa, was assigned to escort convoys in the North Atlantic until she was transferred in May 1944 to protect the forces involved with the Normandy Landings. Working with other destroyers, Ottawa sank three German submarines off the French coast before she returned to Canada for a lengthy refit. After the end of the European war in May 1945 she was used to bring Canadian troops until she was paid off in October 1945. Ottawa was sold for scrap in August 1946.
An abatement in pleading, or plea in abatement, was a defence in common law to legal proceedings that did not contest the principle of the plaintiff's right to relief but contended that the plaintiff had made a procedural error and needed to bring fresh proceedings, which followed the correct procedure. The objection could deal with (among others) place, time, or method of assertion. The plea in abatement was abolished as a particular form of response by the defendant when common-law pleading was replaced by Code Pleading and later by pleading rules, such as the federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
Successful assertion of pleas in abatement merely paused proceedings until the problem was remedied. There were two fundamental styles of abatement. The first was abatement in proceedings, which would merely suspend the proceeding until the error was fixed. Abatement in law would terminate it completely although it could be restarted at the plaintiff's request. The second term is more common. It has now been abolished, in most if not all, common law jurisdictions.
Syringodium is a genus in the family Cymodoceaceae described as a genus in 1860. It is found along shorelines of tropical and subtropical marine environments (Indian and Pacific Oceans, Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico).
Takashi Suzuki (鈴木 隆, Suzuki Takashi, 1882 - 1978) was a Japanese speculator-turned politician.
Born to a peasant family in Chiba Prefecture, Suzuki became an elementary school teacher after graduating from a normal school. His uncle's success in the booming stock market during the Russo-Japanese War interested him in equity investment. He left teaching to become a market speculator at age 28. In the market crash of 1920, he earned approximately three million yen by short-selling of stocks, when the average monthly salary for college graduates was no more than forty yen.
Suzuki successfully ran for the Lower House election in 1920. Backed by the Rikken Seiyūkai, he was reelected for five consecutive terms.
The Bugatti Type 53 was a four-wheel drive racing car built by Bugatti in 1932.  The Type 53 was one of the first racing cars to attempt to drive all four wheels, though Ettore Bugatti himself had designed multi-engine all wheel drive vehicles early in his career.
The Type 53 used the (4,972 cubic centimetres (303.4 cu in)) engine from the Type 50 road car fitted to the chassis of the Type 51 racer.  It was originally conceived by Giulio Cappa, who created a front wheel drive Grand Prix car in 1926.  Cappa's associate, Antonio Pichetto, handled the development of the car while working at Bugatti, starting in 1930. The engine output was approximately 300 horsepower (220 kW).  As a result of the elaborate front drivetrain, the Type 53 used the only independent front suspension system ever approved for use by Ettore Bugatti.
The Type 53 was notoriously difficult to steer. At the Type 53's debut in the 1932 Monaco Grand Prix, Albert Divo, noted for his size and strength, was chosen to drive the car, but he gave up during practice after exhausting himself.  In June 1932, Jean Bugatti rolled a Type 53 at the Shelsley Walsh Speed Hill Climb.  The hard steering was attributed to not having constant-velocity joints for the front halfshafts and to unequal-length halfshafts without matching torsional characteristics.  Modern tests, however, have shown the car to be quite tractable at speed.
René Dreyfus won the 1934 La Turbie hillclimb with a record average speed of 100 km/h (62 mph) in a Type 53. Robert Benoist then won the 1935 Chateau-Thierry hillclimb in a Type 53, after which the type was retired.  Two or three were built.
Unyang Station is a station on the Gimpo Goldline in Gimpo, South Korea. It opened on September 28, 2019.
Vilopriu is a village and municipality in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
Besides the village of Vilopriu itself, the municipality includes the following populated places:

Gaüses
Pins
Valldevià


Sir Mark Oldroyd (30 May 1843 – 5 July 1927) was a British woollen manufacturer and Liberal Party politician from West Riding of Yorkshire.
Mycetophila edwardsi  is a Palearctic species of  'fungus gnat' in the family Mycetophilidae. Mycetophila edwardsi is found in forest or wooded areas where the larvae develop in fruiting bodies of large fungi.
Iuliana Buhuș (born 4 July 1995) is a Romanian rower. She competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Ernest-Aimé Feydeau (French: [fɛ.do]; 16 March 1821 – 27 October 1873) was a French writer and the father of the noted comic playwright Georges Feydeau.
Marcelo Guadalupe Alatorre Maldonado (born 18 January 1985) is a former Mexican footballer, who last played as defender.
Aonla Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 80 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.
Albert Hedderich (born 11 December 1957 in Mainz) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Kala Keerthi Vimukthi Jayasundara (Sinhala: විමුක්ති ජයසුන්දර) is a Sri Lankan filmmaker, critic and a visual artist. Jayasundara is the first Sri Lankan to win the Caméra d'Or, in 2005.
The Heart of the Matter is a 1953 British drama film based on the 1948 book of the same name by Graham Greene. It was directed by George More O'Ferrall for London Films. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
Sacada pyraliformis is a species of snout moth (family Pyralidae). It is found in India.


The torus tubarius (or torus of the auditory tube) is an elevation of the mucous membrane of the nasal part of the pharynx formed by the underlying base of the cartilaginous portion of the Eustachian tube (auditory tube). The torus tubarius is situated behind the pharyngeal orifice of the auditory tube. 
The torus tubarius is very close to the tubal tonsil, which is sometimes also referred to as the tonsil of (the) torus tubarius. Two folds run anteriorly and posteriorly to the torus tubarius: the salpingopalatine fold (anteriorly), and the salpingopharyngeal fold (posteriorly).
Jinggangshan or Jinggang Shan(Chinese: 井冈山; pinyin: Jǐnggāngshān) may refer to:

Jinggangshan Mountains
Jinggangshan City, named after the mountains
Jinggang Shan (999), a Chinese military Type 071 amphibious transport dock
BAW Jinggangshan, a car model produced by BAW
The 2015–16 Surinamese Eerste Klasse is the 60th season of the Eerste Klasse, the second highest football league competition of Suriname. The season will begin in November 2015, and will finish in June 2016.
Thomas Harold Lang (11 November 1890 – 9 October 1970) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
The Manchester and Liverpool District Bank was formed in 1829 and it became one of the leading provincial joint stock banks; its name was shortened to District Bank in 1924. The Bank was acquired by the National Provincial Bank in 1962 but kept its identity until the latter’s merger with Westminster Bank.
Akershus County Municipality (Norwegian: Akershus fylkeskommune) was the regional governing administration of the old Akershus county in Norway. The county municipality was established in its most recent form on 1 January 1976 when the law was changed to allow elected county councils in Norway. The county municipality was dissolved on 1 January 2020, when Akershus was merged with the neighboring counties of Buskerud and Østfold, creating the new Viken county which is led by the Viken County Municipality. The administrative seat is located in Oslo (which was not part of Akershus) and the county mayor was Anette Solli. On 1 January 2024, Akershus was re-established as an independent county with expanded borders due to municipal amalgamations in 2020, which will not be reversed.
The main responsibilities of the county municipality included the running of the 35 upper secondary schools. It managed all the county roadways, public transport, dental care, culture, and cultural heritage sites in the county.
The Sapphire is a 1933 novel of mystery and adventure by A. E. W. Mason, published by Hodder & Stoughton.
Bovirdeh Salamat (Persian: بويرده سلامات, also Romanized as Bovīrdeh Salāmat; also known as Bard-i-Salāmat, Bovair Deh, Boveyr Deh-e Salāmāt, Boveyr Deh Salāmat, Salāmat, and Salāmāt Boveyrdeh) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 221, in 35 families.
Zdzisław Jan Ewangelii Antoni Krygowski (Lwów, 1872 — 1955, Poznań) was a Polish mathematician, rector of the Lwów Polytechnic (1917–18), and professor at Poznań University (1919–38, 1946–55).
OpenUK is a UK-based not-for-profit company which supports open source collaboration and open technologies within the United Kingdom. Its primary stated focus is to develop and sustain UK leadership in "open technology", consisting of open-source software, open-source hardware and open data. Participants in OpenUK are organisational supporters as well as individual volunteers and committee members, which constitute a body of expertise. In 2020, OpenUK was identified as a key strategic player in UK open source within the European Commission Open Source Software Country Intelligence Report for the United Kingdom, alongside the British Computer Society. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Policy Officer for OpenUK is Amanda Brock.
Billy Reil (June 19, 1979 – April 29, 2024) was an American professional wrestler who worked primarily the Northeastern Independent circuit in the United States. A longtime veteran of the Tri-State area, he was a mainstay of Jersey All Pro Wrestling during the late 1990s.
Reil was also a guest writer for wrestling websites such as Wrestling-News.com, most notably his "Reil World" and "Billy Reil Uncut" columns.  Reil was also a classically trained actor, having starred in films such as "Purgatory" and "The Pit".
The Taipei Metro Xiangshan station is a metro station on the Red Line located in Xinyi, Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened on November 24, 2013.


Carnival of Sound is the last studio album by the American rock duo Jan and Dean. Though recorded sporadically from 1966 to 1968, it was not released until 2010. Even though it is credited as a Jan and Dean record, it is actually more of a Jan Berry solo effort. Berry died in 2004. The album consists mostly of original material, with a few covers of songs by artists such as The Five Satins and The Coasters. The album is notable for having a more psychedelic sound than other Jan and Dean records.
William "Bill" Yeager  (born June 16, 1940, San Francisco) is an American engineer. He is an inventor of a packet-switched, "Ships in the Night", multiple-protocol router in 1981.
Thomas Lambert (1585–1638) was an English landowner who briefly sat in the House of Commons from 1625 to 1626.
Lambert was the son of Edward Lambert (d.1609) of Boyton, Wiltshire. He matriculated at  Queen's College, Oxford on 19 October 1604, aged 17. In 1625, Lambert was elected as one of the two members of parliament for Hindon, and was re-elected for Hindon in 1626.
In or before 1613 he married Anne (d.1649), daughter of Walter Dunch, a barrister of Gray's Inn and Avebury. They had five sons and two daughters. The second son, also Thomas (d.1694) took holy orders and became Archdeacon of Salisbury.
Lambert had already rebuilt the manor house at Boyton by the time he took ownership on his mother's death in 1619, his elder brother having predeceased him. In 1621 his brother-in-law William Dunch conveyed Avebury manor to him.
Lambert died at Boyton on 30 August 1638 and was buried in the parish church. At the time of his death he held six manors as well as other properties, in Wiltshire and Norfolk.
Arthur Loveridge (28 May 1891 – 16 February 1980) was a British biologist and herpetologist who wrote about animals in East Africa, particularly Tanzania, and New Guinea. He gave scientific names to several gecko species in the region.
Arthur Loveridge was born in Penarth, and was interested in natural history from childhood. He gained experience with the National Museum of Wales and Manchester Museum before becoming the curator of the Nairobi Museum (now the National Museum of Kenya) in 1914. During WW1, he joined the East African Mounted Rifles, later returning to the museum to build up the collections. He then became an assistant game warden in Tanganyika.
In 1924, he joined the Museum of Comparative Zoology in the grounds of  Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he was the curator of herpetology. He returned to East Africa on several field trips and wrote many scientific papers before retiring from Harvard in 1957.
He married Mary Victoria Sloan in 1921, who died in 1972. They had one son.
On retirement, they moved to Saint Helena in the South Atlantic, from where he continued his interest in natural history, publishing several articles on the island's wildlife in the St Helena Wirebird and St Helena News Review in the 1960s & 1970s. He died in 1980 and was buried in St Helena next to his wife.
Franco Alejandro Colapinto (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈfɾan.ko aleˈxandɾo ko.laˈpin.to]; born 27 May 2003) is an Argentine racing driver, currently competing in Formula One for Williams. 
Graduating from karting to junior formulae in 2018, Colapinto won his first championship at the 2019 F4 Spanish Championship with Drivex. He then finished third in the Formula Renault Eurocup and the Toyota Racing Series in 2020. Colapinto moved into endurance racing in 2021, competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship, European Le Mans Series and Asian Le Mans Series for G-Drive Racing. Colapinto progressed to FIA Formula 3 in 2022, finishing fourth the following season with MP Motorsport and graduating to Formula 2.
A member of the Williams Driver Academy since 2023, Colapinto made his Formula One debut at the 2024 Italian Grand Prix, replacing Logan Sargeant for the remainder of the 2024 season as an interim for the incoming Carlos Sainz Jr. With his debut, he became the first Argentine driver to compete in Formula One since Gastón Mazzacane in 2001. Colapinto scored his maiden points finish at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
Cristoforo Ivanovich (1628–1689) was the first historian of Venetian opera, who also wrote several librettos of his own.
Blue Scholars is the self-titled debut release by Blue Scholars, a Seattle-based hip-hop duo.  It was originally only available in the Seattle area in 2004 before being given a national release in 2005.
The 2004 release of the album contained tracks 2-11 (the original release had a different introduction, track 1; it was called 'Solstice intro') and came in a jewel case with a cover resembling a spiral-bound notebook.  This version of the album was voted "Best Album of 2004" by the Seattle Weekly.
The 2005 release of the album added three new tracks to the end of the album: "The Ave," "Life & Debt," and "No Rest For The Weary."  The re-release comes in a digipak-style case with revised cover art, featuring a silhouette of the Seattle skyline with the band's more common graffiti tag style logo.
A video for the track "Freewheelin" was produced in the summer of 2004.  It features Geo and Sabzi walking with an increasing group of followers through a number of Seattle neighborhoods, including the International District, Beacon Hill, and Capitol Hill.  The final scene of the video features the duo performing in Hing Hay Park to their crowd of followers.  The video is available on the 2005 version of the album and can be viewed at YouTube.
Aluthepola Ganekanda Raja Maha Vihara (Also known as Aluthepola Vihara) (Sinhala: අළුතෑපොල විහාරය) is an old Buddhist temple in Minuwangoda, Sri Lanka. According to the regional folklore this temple is believed to be one of places where King Valagamba spent his time when five Dravidian were ruling Anuradhapura. The temple has been formally recognised by the Government as an archaeological site in Sri Lanka. The designation was declared on 22 November 2002 under the government Gazette number 1264.
Imini River (Arabic: نهر اميني) is a river in Morocco. It flows from eastern Atlas Mountains and enters Ouarzazate River, which enters Draa River. It provides the surrounding areas with lush green grass and fresh water.
Market houses (sometimes earlier called tholsels) are a notable feature of many Irish towns with varying styles of architecture, size and ornamentation. They are usually located at the centre of the town at which at one stage a market was held. Originally there were one, three, four or even five or more bays on the ground floor which formed a covered arcade to protect traders from the elements and allow access for carts, animals and produce. An upper floor was often used as a court house or ballroom while the cellar or basement was often used as a local gaol. Ornamentation consisted of a cupola, a clock or sometimes a dome or tower. Today most of the market houses in Ireland have been put to use as cultural venues, business premises, town halls or have been left derelict pending development. Many are listed as protected structures while very few have been demolished in recent times due to a newfound architectural, historical and social appreciation.
Vexillum sybillae is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.
Caleb Samuel Shepard (born February 24, 1996), known professionally as Lil Gnar, is an American rapper and singer based in Atlanta.
Bahmanyar-e Sharqi (Persian: بهمنيارشرقي, also Romanized as Bahmanyār-e Sharqī; also known as Bahman Yārī, Bahmanyārī-ye Bālā, Bahmanyārī-ye Sharqī, Bahmiyari Sharghi, and Behyārī-ye Sharqī) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District, in the Central District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 346, in 89 families.
Maxime Le Bailly, comtesse de La Falaise (25 June 1922 – 30 April 2009), was an English-Irish 1950s model, and, in the 1960s, an underground movie actress. She was also a cookery writer and "food maven" as well as a fashion designer for Blousecraft, Chloé and Gérard Pipart. In her later years she pursued a career as a furniture and interior designer.
Carlos Eduardo Ferreira de Souza (born 10 October 1996), known as Carlos Eduardo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Vitória as a right winger.
Thomas Beelen (born 11 June 2001) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Eredivisie club Feyenoord.


"All Fall Down" is a 1986 song by the British new wave band Ultravox. It was released as the second single from the band's eighth studio album U-Vox,  on 10 November 1986.
The song's lyrics carry a strong anti-war sentiment. The Irish folk group The Chieftains also guest-performed on "All Fall Down".
After a string of hits in the 1980s, "All Fall Down" would be the band's sixteenth and final Top 40 hit until a remix of their 1981 hit "Vienna" was released in the 1990s.
James Isaac "Preacher" Pilot Jr. (January 22, 1941 – January 2, 1991) was an American football player.  He played for the New Mexico State Aggies football team from 1961 to 1963.  He led the country in rushing yardage in both 1961 with 1,278 yards and in 1962 with 1,247 yards. He was the first player since Tom Harmon to lead the country in rushing yardage in consecutive years. He also led the NCAA major colleges in scoring with 138 points (13.8 points per game) in 1961.
Pilot grew up in Kingsville, Texas.  He initially attended the University of Kansas on a basketball scholarship and, after one year, transferred to New Mexico State. He was inducted into the New Mexico State Athletics Hall of Fame. He died in 1991 at age 49 in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Prüm (German: [ˈpʁʏm] ) is a town in the Westeifel (Rhineland-Palatinate), Germany. Formerly a district capital, today it is the administrative seat of the Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") Prüm.
Calosoma flohri is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in Mexico.
Bayou DeView is an 83-mile-long (134 km) waterway that flows through parts of Poinsett, Woodruff, Monroe and Prairie counties in northeastern Arkansas. The bayou is part of the Cache and White River basins, ultimately flowing into the Mississippi River.
Several miles of the lower portion of Bayou DeView is within the Cache River National Wildlife Refuge. In 2012, the Fish and Wildlife Service proposed an expansion of the refuge, purchasing land as available from willing sellers, to include an additional 30 miles (48 km) of Bayou DeView in the refuge.
The land area bordering the bayou supports dense vegetation in the form of tupelo, bald cypress, hickory, pine and other native trees of the hardwood and softwood families. This area used to be known as part of the "Big Woods" of Arkansas, but most of the standing timber was cleared for farming by the second half of the 20th century. Now, however, there are many reforestation projects underway around the edges of the bayou, including moist-soils projects and hardwood planting projects.
In the 21st century, Bayou DeView and the town of Brinkley gained international attention from possible sightings of the ivory-billed woodpecker, which was thought to be extinct since the 1940s.
Ezequiel Marcelo Castillo Montes (born 13 June 1967 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Stourton Freightliner Terminal (Stourton FLT), is a railfreight intermodal transport hub located in Stourton, Leeds, England. It is operated by the Freightliner Group, and has services arriving and departing for ports in Felixstowe, Southampton and Tilbury in the south of England. Stourton serves as a dedicated collection and delivery point for containers across Yorkshire, with a minor sub-service to Teesport in Middlesbrough by rail.
The site was opened in July 1967 by British Rail as part of its dedicated Freightliner brand. Between the closure of many intermodal terminals in the 1980s, and the prospect of a resurgence in Channel Tunnel traffic, Stourton was the only intermodal terminal in Yorkshire between 1987 and 1994.
This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1987 and 1993. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.
Mikk-Mihkel Arro (born 28 March 1984) is an Estonian decathlete.
Casi Alba is the seventh album from Puerto Rican folk singer Roy Brown, and his second with the group Aires Bucaneros. The album was released under Brown's label Discos Lara-Yarí in 1980.
Miss Grand Cuba 2023 was the inaugural edition of the Miss Grand Cuba pageant, held on August 20, 2023, at the Tampa Marriott Westshore, Tampa, Florida, United States. Five candidates, who qualified for the national final round through an audition held in mid-2023, competed for the title, of whom a 26-year-old Portuguese-Cuban model and assistant project manager from Miami-Dade County, Sofia Acosta, was announced the winner, while a Cuban national coordinator for the UN Ocean Decade ECOP program, Sheyla Ravelo, won the supplementary title of Miss International Cuba 2023.
Sofia later represented the country at the international parent stage, Miss Grand International 2023, held in Vietnam on October 25, while Sheyla traveled to Japan to compete at Miss International 2023, held on October 26. However, both of them were unplaced at the mentioned international stages.
The event was managed by former Miss Grand International 2014, Daryanne Lees, and the pageant's grand final round was hosted by Andy Salandy.
The panel of judges included Juan Carlos Collazo, Arisleyda Alonzo, Pedro Herde, Jamillette Gaxiola, Rachel Martin, and Rafa Delfin.
Hunstanton Town Hall is a municipal building on The Green in Hunstanton, Norfolk, England. The structure, which is the meeting place of Hunstanton Town Council, is a grade II listed building. 


Colonel Sir Thomas Courtenay Theydon Warner, 1st Baronet  (19 July 1857 – 15 December 1934) was a British politician, who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for North Somerset from 1892 to 1895, and for Lichfield from 1896 to 1923.

Warner was an officer in the 3rd (Militia) Battalion, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, where he became major on 13 January 1902. He received the honorary rank of lieutenant-colonel on 2 August 1902, and later served as lieutenant-colonel in command and honorary colonel of the battalion. He received the CB on 25 June 1909, and was made a baronet on 9 July 1910, of Brettenham Park, Suffolk.
Initially a member of the Liberal Party, he stood at the 1918 general election as a Coalition Liberal, and at the 1922 general election as National Liberal. He was also the first mayor of the Municipal Borough of Walthamstow after its incorporation in 1929. 
Sir Courtenay Warner lived in the former Manor House of Highams, which was sold to Essex County Council 1922 for £7000. It is now Woodford County High School for Girls. Plans were drawn up to construct housing for the middle classes on 90 acres of the estate; this development is known as the Highams Estate and was completed in 1934.
He gave his name to the Warner Flats on the Warner Estate, the popular type of housing in Walthamstow which he was responsible for developing. His ancestors built the Grade II listed Clock House villa in Walthamstow (now flats). His son Edward renewed the seating (pews) at the St Peter in the Forest parish church building on the edge of Epping Forest in Walthamstow and arranged for a wall plaque to be erected in the building to his father. The pews were removed during the recent restoration but the plaque has been kept.
His grave lies in the churchyard of St Mary's, Thorpe Morieux, Suffolk.
Kingswood, occasionally referred to as Kingswood Parks, is a modern housing estate on the northern fringe of Kingston upon Hull, England.
Through much of its history much of the area has been marsh – some drainage was made during the medieval period – a canal, the Forthdyk (later Foredike) was cut in the 13th century. The Engine Drain was cut c. 1675, with windmills aiding drainage of the area. In the 1770s construction of the Holderness Drain incorporated part of the Foredike into its route, and further improved drainage in the wider area. After drainage to the later 20th century the land use was exclusively agricultural.
The estate was developed from the 1990s onwards on low lying agricultural land lying immediately east of the River Hull, and adjacent to the Bransholme Estate to the south-east, separated by the A1033 and Wawne Road. In addition to the housing the area includes a large shopping area, Kingswood retail park, including an Asda superstore and several other warehouse type shopping outlets, plus leisure facilities including a cinema, indoor bowling, and several fast food restaurants.
Marine Corps University is a military education university system of the United States Marine Corps. It is part of the Naval University System and accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award Master's Degrees.
Majestic Theatre or Majestic Theater may refer to:
The Emperor's New Groove is a 2000 American animated fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was directed by Mark Dindal and produced by Randy Fullmer, from a screenplay written by David Reynolds, and based on a story conceived by Dindal and Chris Williams. The voice cast features David Spade, John Goodman, Eartha Kitt, Patrick Warburton, and Wendie Malick. Inspired by ancient Peruvian culture and set in an Incan empire, The Emperor's New Groove follows young and self-centered Emperor Kuzco (voiced by Spade), who is accidentally transformed into a llama by his ex-advisor, Yzma (Kitt), and her dim-witted but affable henchman, Kronk (Warburton). For the emperor to change back into a human, he entrusts a village leader, Pacha (Goodman), to escort him back to the palace before Yzma can track them down and finish him off.
Development of The Emperor's New Groove began in 1994 when the film was conceived as a musical epic titled Kingdom of the Sun. Following his directorial debut with The Lion King (1994), Roger Allers recruited English musician Sting to compose several songs for the film. Because of the underwhelming box-office performances of Pocahontas (1995) and The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996), Dindal was brought in as co-director to make the film more comedic. Because of poor test screenings, creative differences with Dindal, and production falling behind schedule, Allers departed, and the film became a lighthearted comedy in the vein of a Chuck Jones cartoon instead of a dramatic musical. A documentary, The Sweatbox (2002), details the production troubles that The Emperor's New Groove endured during its six years of development.
The Emperor's New Groove premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles on December 10, 2000, and was released in theaters on December 15, 2000. It received generally positive reviews from critics, but underperformed at the box office compared to Disney films released in the 1990s, grossing $169.5 million on a $100-million budget. However, the film found larger success when it was released for home media, and became the best-selling DVD of 2001. In the years since its release, The Emperor's New Groove garnered a cult following among fans. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song "My Funny Friend and Me", performed by Sting; that award went to "Things Have Changed" by Bob Dylan from Wonder Boys. A direct-to-video spin-off sequel, Kronk's New Groove, was released in 2005, and an animated television series, The Emperor's New School, aired on the Disney Channel from 2006 to 2008.
Jung Shin-hye is a South Korean actress. She is known for her roles in dramas such as Angry Mom, Love Playlist, Snowdrop, Confession Company and Cheer Up. She also appeared in movies Seondal: The Man Who Sells the River and Detour.
Loba or La Loba  (she-wolf in Spanish) may refer to:


So Natural, an Australian brand of organic products, is part of Freedom Foods Group, a diversified food company operating in the health and wellness sector. So Natural was formed in 1991 when it started producing soy milk.
In 2004, So Natural gained wide publicity in Australia when it announced an equity deal with Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe. Thorpe was offered a stake in Freedom Foods Group, initially worth A$1.1m in return for the use of his name and image on their products. The 15-year deal covers markets across East and Southeast Asia where Thorpe is widely popular, and could expand Thorpe's share in the venture to 50 percent depending on its commercial success.
Freedom Foods Group is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange. The Perich family of Leppington, who appear annually on the Financial Review Rich List, have a substantive holding in the company.

The Age reported in 2004 that So Natural had been "hit hard" as soy popularity dropped. In 2004, Tony Perich bought into Freedom Foods, paying "about $3 million for a 10 per cent stake in what was then called So Natural Foods Australia."
In 2015, So Natural was being sold by JD.com. Freedom Foods was the fastest growing supplier of branded retail grocery products in Australia in 2019.
Freedom Foods Group was called Noumi Limited, since 30 Nov. 2021. Parent company Freedom Foods changed its name in 2001 following the sale of its cereal and snacks division. In 2023, the parent company of So Natural, Freedom Food, was sued by the ASIC for alleged misleading conduct concerning its finances. At the time, beyond So Natural, Freedom Food brands included Milklab, Australia's Own, and Vitalife.
Seiji Hirao (平尾誠二, 21 January 1963 – 20 October 2016) was a Japanese rugby union footballer and coach. He played as a fly-half, and was one of the most popular Japanese players of his time, earning the name of "Mr. Rugby".
Rea Vipingo is a company that operates sisal plantations in Kenya and Tanzania.  The company's headquarters are located in Nairobi.  Its stock was listed between 1996, and 2015 on the Nairobi Stock Exchange.
It deals with the cultivation of agave in its plantations in Kenya (in Kwibezi and Vipingo) and, through the subsidiary Amboni Plantations Limited, in Tanzania and with the marketing of both the sisal fiber obtained from it, of the products (yarn, twine, rope) made with the fiber in the Amboni Spinning Mill production plant, owned by the company and which is located near the city of Tanga, in Tanzania.


Nou Sardenya is a municipally-owned football stadium in the Gràcia district of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CE Europa. The stadium holds about 7,000.
The 1969 Appalachian State Mountaineers football team was an American football team that represented Appalachian State University as an independent during the 1969 NAIA football season. In their fifth year under head coach Carl Messere, the Mountaineers compiled an overall record of 6–5.
The wild boar and boar's head are common charges in heraldry.
Maryland Route 192 (MD 192) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. The highway runs 2.53 miles (4.07 km) from Summit Avenue in Kensington east to MD 97 in Forest Glen. MD 192 connects MD 185 with the Kensington station on MARC's Brunswick Line and MD 97 and Interstate 495 (I-495) with the Forest Glen station on the Washington Metro's Red Line. The highway was constructed from Forest Glen to Kensington in the mid-1920s. MD 192 also included three sections between MD 97 and U.S. Route 29 (US 29) in Four Corners built in the mid-1930s. The final segment east of MD 97 was removed from the state highway system in the late 1980s.
Topi Syrjäläinen (born 1997) is an orienteering competitor who runs for Helsingin Suunnistajat and the Finnish national team.
The Newport Daily Express is a newspaper published weekdays in the city of Newport, Vermont.
Ann Hazel Spokes Symonds (10 November 1925 – 27 December 2019) was a British author and former Lord Mayor of Oxford.
Spokes was born in November 1925, the daughter of Peter Spencer Spokes and Lilla Clayton. Her father founded the Museum of Oxford in 1974. She was a writer on the history of Oxford.
She entered St Anne's College, Oxford in 1944, where she read Philosophy, Politics and Economics, obtaining her B.A. and Master of Arts. She was a trustee of the Oxford Preservation Trust, having first become a trustee in 1959. She served as Lord Mayor of Oxford in 1976/77 and also as the Chairman of Oxfordshire County Council between 1981 and 1983. Spokes-Symonds chaired Age Concern England from 1983 to 1986. She made a donation towards a statue of Alfred Russel Wallace which has been erected at the Natural History Museum.
In 1980 she married the United Nations official and historian Richard Symonds (1918–2006) and was henceforth known as Ann Spokes Symonds.
She died in December 2019 at the age of 94.
Goodbye Rania (stylized as Goodbye RANIA) is the second studio album by South Korean multinational girl group Blackswan, released through DR Music on October 16, 2020. The album contains three new tracks including the double lead single "Tonight" and "Over & Over" and also previous single release by Rania from 2011 to 2017. It marks their first release after re-debut as Blackswan with previous Rania member Hyeme, Leia, Youngheun and two new member Judy, and Fatou. It was the last release with member Hyeme prior to her departure from the group on November 9, 2020.
Asner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Ed Asner (1929–2021), American film, television, stage, and voice actor
Jules Asner (born 1968), American television personality, writer, and fashion model
Kate Asner (born 1966), American actress and daughter of Ed Asner
Milivoj Ašner (1913–2011), police chief in the Independent State of Croatia
This list of tallest buildings in Ho Chi Minh City ranks skyscrapers in the Vietnam second-largest city of Ho Chi Minh City by height.
Gębiny [ɡɛmˈbinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Olsztynek and 19 km (12 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The 168th Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 1973 and 1974 during the governorship of Francis Sargent. Kevin B. Harrington served as president of the Senate and David M. Bartley served as speaker of the House.
The Bodie Mountains are a mountain range primarily in western Mineral County, Nevada.
They extend westward into Mono County, California, where they become the Bodie Hills with the mining district and town of Bodie, California.
The Sierra Nevada tower high to the west.
"The Picture of Dorian Gray" is a television play episode of the BBC One anthology television series Play of the Month It stars Peter Firth, Jeremy Brett, and John Gielgud. A 100-minute adaptation of Oscar Wilde's 1890 novel The Picture of Dorian Gray by John Osborne, it was first broadcast on 19 September 1976.
This production was a critical success at the time of its first screening. In 2009 The Times called it the "most Wildean" adaptation of the novel, boasting "perhaps the best Dorian" and mentioning that John Gielgud "steals the show, having of course been given the most beguiling lines by Wilde".
This version accentuates the gay subtext of Wilde's novel more than other versions; e.g. when Dorian wants Alan's help in the disposal of Basil's body, it is strongly suggested that the two had a sexual relationship in the past and when Dorian's seduction attempt fails, he apparently threatens to expose Alan as a homosexual. In the novel and other adaptations the precise nature of Dorian's hold over Alan is mostly left to the imagination of the reader or viewer, respectively.
Portsmouth Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in Portsmouth, on Aquidneck Island in Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island, United States. The mission of the community is to seek God guided by the Gospel, the Rule of St. Benedict, and most importantly, prayer and work to sanctify themselves and their community. As of 2020, the abbey has 8 monks. The monks run Portsmouth Abbey School, one of the most elite boarding schools in the country.
Union of Communist Militants (Persian: اتحاد مبارزان کمونیست, abbreviated EMK امک) was an Iranian communist group. It was led by Mansoor Hekmat. Hekmat founded the group in December 1978. The organization took part in the Iranian Revolution of 1979 — marked by the creation of workers' councils (shoras).
Because of mounting repression in Iran, the organisation sought refuge in Kurdistan in 1981. In Kurdistan, the organization merged with a Kurdish group of Maoist roots, Komala Party of Iranian Kurdistan. Together, they formed the Communist Party of Iran (CPI) in September 1983.
Jeremiah Henry Nops (June 23, 1875 – March 26, 1937) was a left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. From 1896 to 1901, he played for the Philadelphia Phillies, Baltimore Orioles (NL), Brooklyn Superbas, and Baltimore Orioles (AL). He was 5 feet, 8 inches tall and weighed 168 pounds.
Zdeněk Mlynář (born Zdeněk Müller; 22 June 1930 – 15 April 1997) was a Czech Communist politician and lawyer. He was the secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia during the 1968 Prague Spring. Mlynář wrote the noteworthy political manifesto Towards a Democratic Political Organization of Society which was released on 5 May 1968, at the height of the Prague Spring. He was expelled from the party in 1969 and, having played a key role in establishing Charter 77, forced to emigrate in 1977.
Sądowel is a settlement in Gmina Wąsosz, Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Leszno Voivodeship.
Hagler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Vallanadu Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area of Tamil Nadu in South India created for the protection of blackbuck antelope.
Located on an isolated hillock in Vallanadu Village of Srivaikundam Taluk, it is the southernmost place in India where a natural population of blackbuck exists.


List of ethnic groups in West Papua, Indonesia:
The Spanish Autovía A-21 is a highway between Jaca, in Aragon, and Iruña/Pamplona, in Navarre which is partially open and partially under construction.
It follows or is an upgrade of the N-240 and links the Autovía A-15 east of Iruña/Pamplona with the Autovía A-23 at Jaca providing a link through the southern Pyrenees and connections to France, Huesca and Zaragoza.
Noblesse Oblige: An Enquiry Into the Identifiable Characteristics of the English Aristocracy (1956) is a book illustrated by Osbert Lancaster, caricaturist of English manners, and published by Hamish Hamilton. The anthology comprises four brief essays by Nancy Mitford, Alan S. C. Ross, "Strix" and Christopher Sykes, a letter by Evelyn Waugh, and a poem by John Betjeman.
Until Nancy Mitford wrote "The English Aristocracy" in an article published in 1955, England was blissfully unconscious of 'U' ('Upperclass') usage. Her article sparked off a public debate, whose counterblasts are collected in this book, published one year later. Although the subtitle rather dryly suggests it as an enquiry into the identifying characteristics of members of the English upper-class, it is really more of a debate, with each essayist entertaining and convincing.
Mitford was credited incorrectly as the editor of the book, though she was merely one of its contributors.
The Louis Blotner Radar Site was a tracking site (Not an RBS site) in Connor, Maine at the former NIKE missile launch site. Activated in June 1963 and operational until after 1979, The Ashland site was an AUTOTRACK radar site operated by Detachment 7 of the 1st Combat Evaluation Group. The station simulated Electronic Countermeasures and Radar Bomb Scoring for the Ashland Training Range's low-level training route "over Bangor north to Houlton, Maine."
GHQ Liaison Regiment (known as Phantom) was a special reconnaissance unit of the British Army first formed in 1939 during the early stages of World War II. The regiment's headquarters were at The Richmond Hill Hotel in Richmond, Surrey (now in London); its base (including the officers' mess and billet) was at Pembroke Lodge, a Georgian house in Richmond Park, London.
Henry Tufton may refer to:

Henry Tufton, 11th Earl of Thanet (1775–1849), English cricketer and peer
Henry Tufton, 1st Baron Hothfield (1844–1926), British peer, politician, and owner and breeder of racehorses
Astartea onycis, commonly known as clawed astartea, is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
The shrub is found in the South West region of Western Australia.
Paris Métro Line 19 is a new line of the Paris Métro that is planned as an expansion of Grand Paris Express. Officially announced on 22 November 2023, it is planned to connect Nanterre–La Folie at the west of La Défense business district to Charles de Gaulle Airport and the new area to be developed at Triangle de Gonesse. It will serve the residential areas of the department of Val-d'Oise, notably Argenteuil and Garges-lès-Gonesse, in order to make them more accessible and accelerate their urban renewal. According to the first studies, the line is expected to be opened by 2040.


Sielec [ˈɕɛlɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.


The Sporting Lover is a 1926 American silent sports romance film directed by Alan Hale and starring Conway Tearle, Barbara Bedford and Ward Crane. It was based on the British play Good Luck by Ian Hay.
Francis Reid (16 June 1920 – 2 February 1970) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a striker for Cumnock Juniors, Huddersfield Town, Stockport County and Mossley.
Nicolai Grigorievich Shutorev (December 30, 1914 – September 20, 1948), also known as Nicholas Shuteroff, was an American singer of Russian descent.
Bełczyna [bɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨna] (German: Süßenbach / Süssenbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wleń, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wleń, 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Lwówek Śląski, and 92 km (57 mi) West of the regional capital Wrocław.
Gastrointestinal pathology is the subspecialty of surgical pathology which deals with the diagnosis and characterization of neoplastic and non-neoplastic diseases of the digestive tract and accessory organs, such as the pancreas and liver. The gastrointestinal tract is part of the digestive system or alimentary tract, and follows the passage of food and liquids as they pass through the body. The organs included in the gastrointestinal tract include the mouth, the throat (pharynx), esophagus, stomach, small intestine, large intestine, rectum and anus, in that order.
The Orthodox Christian Reformed Churches (OCRC) were a theologically conservative federation of churches in the Dutch Reformed tradition in Canada and the United States. OCRC doctrine confessed the Bible to be the Word of God and believe it is faithfully summarized by the Belgic Confession, Heidelberg Catechism, and Canons of Dort. The OCRC was absorbed into the United Reformed Churches in North America in 2008.
Dominique Mollier (born 7 September 1949) is a French former freestyle swimmer. She competed in two events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Anna Magdalena Iljans, née Jonsson (born September 26, 1969) is a Swedish freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross.
Iljans competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics for Sweden. She placed 11th in the qualifying round in ski cross, to advance to the knockout stages. She finished second in her first round heat, advancing to the quarterfinals. She did not finish her quarterfinal race, failing to advance. Retiring from ski cross because of injuries, she is now working as a school principal.
As of April 2013, Iljans has one medal finish at the World Championships. She won a silver medal, in 2005, the first World Championships at which ski cross was contested. She qualified third overall, then won both her first round and semifinal races, before finishing behind Karin Huttary in the final.
Iljans made her World Cup debut in November 2002. As of April 2013, she has seven World Cup victories, the first coming in her debut race at Tignes in 2002/03. Her best World Cup overall finish in ski cross is 2nd, in 2002/03 and 2006/07.
Balgöze is a village in the Posof District, Ardahan Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds of the Gelturan tribe and had a population of 216 in 2021.
Frances Bronet is a Canadian architect and academic administrator who has been serving as the 12th president of Pratt Institute in New York City since January 2018. She previously served as provost of the private Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago from 2015 to 2018 and acting provost of the University of Oregon from 2014 to 2015.
Roger Scotti (29 July 1925 – 12 December 2001) was a French footballer who played as a midfielder.
Owingsville Commercial District and Courthouse Square is a historic district in Owingsville, Kentucky which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, and was expanded by a boundary increase listing in 1985.
The original listing was for 33 contributing buildings on 8 acres (3.2 ha). This includes:

Methodist Church (1845)
Colonel Thomas Deye Owings House (1811–14), separately listed on the National Register
more
The increase was to add an Italianate-style building at 122 E. Main.
Princess Olga Andreevna Romanoff (Russian: О́льга Андре́евна Рома́нова, romanized: Ólga Andréevna Románova; born 8 April 1950) is a British aristocrat and member of the House of Romanov. She is the grandniece of Nicholas II of Russia and Alexandra Feodorovna, the last emperor and empress of Russia. Princess Olga serves as the president of the Romanov Family Association, an organisation for descendants of the former Russian Imperial House. She is the owner of Provender House, a country house in Kent that she inherited from her mother's family.
Emoia laobaoensis, Bourret's emo skink or the Laobao mangrove skink, is a species of skink. It is found in Vietnam.
Priscagama (meaning "earliest Agama" in Latin) is an extinct genus of iguanian lizard from the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia and China. It belongs to an extinct family of iguanians called Priscagamidae (or subfamily Priscagaminae). Several incomplete skulls have been found in the Barun Goyot and Djadochta formations, and were originally referred to the genus Mimeosaurus; the type species Priscagama gobiensis was named in 1984 when it was recognized that these skulls belonged to a distinct species. Priscagama differs from most other priscagamids in having a more elongate, lightly built skull. It is very similar in appearance to another priscagamid called Pleurodontagama, as the two can only be distinguished by the shape of their teeth.
The Nordic Pediatric Society is a medical association for pediatricians in the Nordic countries. Its member organisations include the Danish Paediatric Society, the Norwegian Society of Pediatricians, the Swedish Paediatric Society, the Finnish Pediatric Association and the Icelandic Pediatric Association.
The society was founded in Copenhagen in 1916. It has hosted Nordic pediatric congresses since 1919, and also works to promote cooperation among Nordic, European and international pediatric bodies.
Arima Onsen (有馬温泉, Arima Onsen) is an onsen, or hot springs in Kita-ku, Kobe, Japan. This Onsen is still a hidden treasure of modern Kobe, behind Mount Rokkō. It attracts many Japanese who want tranquility with beautiful natural surroundings and yet easy access from the busy cities in the Kansai metropolitan area including Osaka. Arima Onsen was named in the Heian-period The Pillow Book as one of the three famous springs in Japan. It was selected as the most prestigious hot spring during the Edo period.


Meinhold is a surname. Notable people with the name include:

Bridgette Meinhold, American artist and author
Carl Meinhold (1926–2019), American basketball player
Keith Meinhold (born c. 1963), American military personnel
Ivo Meinhold-Heerlein (born 1969), German gynaecologist, obstetrician and professor
Wilhelm Meinhold (1797–1851), German priest and author
Ivan Alexeyevich Shestakov (Russian: Ива́н Алексе́евич Шестако́в; 13 April 1820 – 3 December 1888) was a Russian naval officer, statesman, and writer. He is the grandfather of Ivan Shestakov Jr., who is teaching at Carl von Ossietzky Uni Oldenburg.
Brijesh Sharmari "BJ" Lawrence  (born 27 December 1989) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres. He won a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 2011 World Championships.
He studied at Doane College in Crete, Nebraska.
Recoil is the fifth studio album released by American nu metal band Nonpoint. It was their only release through Lava Records.
The album debuted No. 115 on the Billboard 200 charts.
Samuel Hedges House is a historic home located near Hedgesville in Berkeley County, West Virginia, United States. It is a two-story, L-shaped dwelling with a three-bay wide, gable roofed limestone main block and frame ell. The main block was built about 1772 and the addition built in the mid-1850s. It features a pedimented entrance porch supported by Doric order columns. Also on the property is a 1+1⁄2-story coursed-rubble outbuilding and a log smokehouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Carla Rebecchi (born 7 September 1984) is an Argentine field hockey player who won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London with the Argentina national field hockey team. In 2010, she won the World Cup in Rosario, Argentina. Carla also won six Champions Trophy, the 2014–2015 World League, three medals at the Pan American Games and two Pan American Cups.
After Luciana Aymar retired and Macarena Rodriguez was left out of the national team after the 2015 Pan American Games, she was selected to be the captain. In February 2017 she announced her retirement after 290 matches and 153 goals, and returned after becoming a mother in 3 September 2018.
Mary Vincent Conway, Sister of Charity and educator, c.18 June 1815 – 27 May 1892.
Baptised Honoria, she was the daughter of Michael Conway and Eleanor McCarthy, her father serving with the militia during the Napoleonic Wars. She was born at Dover Castle, England. The family, of modest means, resettled in Ballinasloe, County Galway, where Honoria and her two siblings were taught in a private Catholic school.
Two of her maternal uncles, James and Charles McCarthy, settled in Digby County, Nova Scotia. In 1831 Margaret Conway, Honoria's elder sister, married widower Hugh Donnelly of Athlone, a wool draper. In 1833 he went to Saint John where he became successful enough in business that he brought out his family in 1837, Honoria and her widowed mother being part of the household.
Due to a reversal in business, Donnelly retired in 1838 and relocated to Nova Scotia. Honoria and her mother resided at Salmon river, near Meteghan, with Charles McCarthy, where Mrs. Conway died in 1845. The Donnelly's moved to Rhode Island in 1848. It is thought that during these years "she became involved in the efforts of Catholic charitable groups to address the needs of an expanding Irish population." [1]
In 1854 she took vows as a Sister of Charity in New York, taking the name Mary Vincent. She was one of four volunteers who travelled to Saint John - under the direction of Bishop Thomas Louis Connolly - and was appointed mother general.
The Dictionary of Canadian Biography states:

Recruits to the new community came gradually and steadily during the first years. They were largely of Irish descent. Honoria Conway, now Mother Mary Vincent, had the pivotal and dual challenge of evolving mechanisms by which a religious could develop according to the rules while meeting the immediate need of running an orphanage and setting up schools. The rudiments of an orphanage were already in place when the sisters assumed responsibility for its operation. The establishing of the schools, however, followed the pattern the core personnel had observed in New York. Thus, in 1854 the sisters opened the first free school in Saint John for the daughters of poor Irish immigrants, and in 1858 an institute requiring fees, St Vincent’s Select School for Girls, was founded. It was hoped that the tuition-based institution would finance the free one. By 1859 there were 27 sisters operating five schools – two in Saint John, one in nearby Portland, one in Fredericton, and one in the Acadian parish of Saint-Basile-de-Madawaska, which enjoyed success even though it was conducted in English.
The 2022 Faroe Islands Cup was the 68th edition of the Faroe Islands domestic football cup. It started on 2 April and is ended on 29 October. B36 Tórshavn were the defending champions.
Only the first teams of the participating clubs were allowed to enter the competition.
Tryon Island is a coral cay located in the southern Great Barrier Reef, 86 km northeast of Gladstone, Queensland, Australia, and 465 km north of the state capital Brisbane. The island is a protected area and forms part of Capricornia Cays National Park.  It is part of the Capricornia Cays Important Bird Area. The cay covers an area of 0.21 square kilometres (0 square miles) and is surrounded by a coral reef that is partially exposed at low-tide.
Jeffrey William Driver (born 6 October 1951) is a retired Australian Anglican bishop. He is the former Archbishop of Adelaide and Metropolitan of South Australia in the Anglican Church of Australia.
Rented Lips  is a 1988 satire comedy film directed by Robert Downey Sr., and starring his son Robert Downey Jr., as well as Martin Mull, Dick Shawn, and Jennifer Tilly. It was the final film appearance of Shawn, who died in 1987.
Lavrovo (Russian: Лаврово) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

Lavrovo, Tambov Oblast, a selo in Mordovsky District of Tambov Oblast
Lavrovo, Tomsk Oblast, a village in Tomsky District of Tomsk Oblast
Lavrovo, Kesovogorsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Kesovogorsky District of Tver Oblast
Lavrovo, Oleninsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Oleninsky District of Tver Oblast
Lavrovo, Penovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Penovsky District of Tver Oblast
Lavrovo, Rameshkovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Rameshkovsky District of Tver Oblast
Lavrovo, Sonkovsky District, Tver Oblast, a selo in Sonkovsky District of Tver Oblast
Lavrovo, Torzhoksky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Torzhoksky District of Tver Oblast
Lavrovo, Vyshnevolotsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Vyshnevolotsky District of Tver Oblast
Lavrovo, Zapadnodvinsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Zapadnodvinsky District of Tver Oblast
ZD30 may refer to:

Nissan ZD engine
Zero Dark Thirty
Wigan Town A.F.C. was an association football club from Wigan, Lancashire which operated between July 1905 and May 1908.


Europorte is a European rail freight company, a subsidiary of Getlink; operating in France and through the Channel Tunnel.
The company was formed in 2009 as an entity encompassing the previous operations of Europorte 2 and the France-based businesses of Veolia Cargo. Eurotunnel's original freight business, Europorte 2, was rebranded to become Europorte Channel and moved as a subsidiary under the Europorte division of the Eurotunnel Group.
Ložnica (pronounced [lɔˈʒniːtsa]) is a settlement in the Municipality of Velenje in northern Slovenia. It lies in the Ložnica Hills (Slovene: Ložničko gričevje) south of Velenje. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. The entire municipality is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
Bobi is a village in Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Bobi-Diarabana, Séguéla Department, Worodougou Region, Woroba District.
Bobi was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished.
Pietro Scalvini (1718–1792) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque and Neoclassic period, active in Brescia. He was inspired by Tiepolo and active in fresco painting of churches. His works include Sant'Apollonia Altarpiece.
"Is That So Wrong" is a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Julianne Hough. It was released on June 21, 2010 as the lead-off single to her second studio album, Wildfire, which was expected for release in November 2010, but ultimately went unreleased.
Renswoude (Dutch pronunciation: [rɛnsˈʋʌudə] ) is a municipality and a town in the central Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht.
Pink Lady is an American variety show that aired for five weeks on NBC in 1980, starring the Japanese musical duo of the same name. The show is also referred to by the title Pink Lady and Jeff, referring to co-star Jeff Altman. The show was riddled with complications, including a dispute over the name: agents for the starring parties were never able to settle on one, and the show was advertised both ways during its run. Other difficulties included scriptwriting disagreements, guest star booking mishaps, taping and touring conflicts, and the inability of Mie and Kei, the members of Pink Lady, to understand or speak English.
Pink Lady was massively popular in Japan and even enjoyed a hit in the U.S. with the English-language song "Kiss in the Dark". A television show for the duo was proposed and swiftly approved. The show's developers, Sid and Marty Krofft, pursued the project under the erroneous assumption that the stars spoke both English and Japanese. When the reality became apparent, network executives insisted that Mie and Kei not only perform their English dialog phonetically, but also sing in English. The resulting clumsy diction compounded the show's other problems, and despite the infusion of expensive co-stars, the series did poorly and was cancelled after five episodes. The series ranked #35 on TV Guide's "The 50 Worst TV Shows of All Time" list.


Athenstedt is a village and a former municipality in the district of Harz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Halberstadt.
Imitation pearls are man-made faux pearls. They are not to be confused with cultured pearls, which are real pearls created through human intervention.
Materials used to create imitation pearls include glass, plastic, and mollusc shells. As an alternative, some plastic beads are coated with a pearlescent substance to imitate the natural iridescence of nacre or mother of pearl. 


Zeitgehöft (which can be rendered in English as Timestead) is a German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan, published posthumously in 1976.
Transparent Things is an album by Fujiya & Miyagi released in 2006. It was re-released in the United States in 2007 with different artwork and the bonus track "Reeboks in Heaven".
The title of the album comes from Vladimir Nabokov's 1972 novel of the same name.
Carex  divisa  is a species of sedge known by the common names divided sedge and separated sedge. It is native to Europe, Asia, and North Africa, and considered naturalized in Australia, New Zealand, and scattered locations in North America.
This is a list of brown seaweeds recorded from the oceans bordering South Africa.
This list comprises locally used common names, scientific names with author citation and recorded ranges. Ranges specified may not be the entire known range for the species, but should include the known range within the waters surrounding the Republic of South Africa.
List ordering and taxonomy complies where possible with the current usage in Algaebase, and may differ from the cited source, as listed citations are primarily for range or existence of records for the region.
Sub-taxa within any given taxon are arranged alphabetically as a general rule.
Details of each species may be available through the relevant internal links. Synonyms may be listed where useful.
Seaweed, or macroalgae, refers to thousands of species of macroscopic, multicellular, marine algae. The term includes some types of Rhodophyta (red), Phaeophyta (brown) and Chlorophyta (green) macroalgae. Seaweed species such as kelps provide essential nursery habitat for fisheries and other marine species and thus protect food sources; other species, such as planktonic algae, play a vital role in capturing carbon and producing at least 50% of Earth's oxygen.
Natural seaweed ecosystems are sometimes under threat from human activity. For example, mechanical dredging of kelp destroys the resource and dependent fisheries. Other forces also threaten some seaweed ecosystems; for example, a wasting disease in predators of purple urchins has led to an urchin population surge which has destroyed large kelp forest regions off the coast of California.
Humans have a long history of cultivating seaweeds for their uses. In recent years, seaweed farming has become a global agricultural practice, providing food, source material for various chemical uses (such as carrageenan), cattle feeds and fertilizers. Due to their importance in marine ecologies and for absorbing carbon dioxide, recent attention has been on cultivating seaweeds as a potential climate change mitigation strategy for biosequestration of carbon dioxide, alongside other benefits like nutrient pollution reduction, increased habitat for coastal aquatic species, and reducing local ocean acidification. The IPCC Special Report on the Ocean and Cryosphere in a Changing Climate recommends "further research attention" as a mitigation tactic. (Full article...)
Clinopleura melanopleura is a species of shield-backed katydid in the family Tettigoniidae. It is found in North America.
Shashank Shekhar is an Indian politician of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha. Shashank was also chosen as the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly Speaker Jharkhand Mukti Morcha in 2000 and 2013. He represents the Sarath Constituency in the state of Jharkhand.
Weldon Santos de Andrade (born 6 August 1980), known simply as Weldon, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Clube Atlético Juventus as a striker.
Impleta is a genus of flies belonging to the family Mycetophilidae.
The species of this genus are found in Europe and Northern America.
Species:

Impleta consorta Plassmann, 1978
Impleta polypori (Vockeroth, 1980)
Orleans County is a county in the western part of the U.S. state of New York. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,343. The county seat is Albion. The county received its name at the insistence of Nehemiah Ingersoll though historians are unsure how the name was selected. The two competing theories are that it was named to honor the French Royal House of Orleans or that it was to honor Andrew Jackson's victory in New Orleans. The county is part of the Finger Lakes region of the state.
Located on the south shore of Lake Ontario, Orleans County since the late 20th century has been considered part of the Rochester, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Marko Marjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Марјановић, born 24 November 1985 in Zemun, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian rower.
Pim Ronhaar (born 20 July 2001) is a Dutch cyclo-cross and road cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Cyclo-cross Team Baloise–Trek Lions. He won the gold medal in the men's under-23 event at the 2021 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in Ostend.
John Charles Campbell (14 September 1867 – 1919) was an American educator and reformer noted for his survey of social conditions in the southern Appalachian region of the United States during the early 1900s. He served a term as president of Piedmont College from 1904 to 1907.
The 2007 Dunedin mayoral election re-elected Peter Chin as Mayor of Dunedin, New Zealand. The election was conducted under the Single transferable vote voting system.


Michael Garver Oxley (February 11, 1944 – January 1, 2016) was an American Republican politician and attorney who served as a U.S. Representative from the 4th congressional district of Ohio.
Depressaria whitmani is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1941. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from California, Arizona, Washington, Colorado and Montana.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The forewings are blackish fuscous irrorated (sprinkled) with drab and olive-buff scales. There are three short dashes at the basal third and the bases of veins nine to eleven, as well as a series of small spots at the ends of all the veins around the termen are black. There is an olive-buff spot at the end of the cell, preceded by a few black scales. The hindwings are light fuscous, but darker apically.
The larvae feed on Lomatium macrocarpum.
WGAC may refer to:

WGAC (AM), a radio station (580 AM) licensed to serve Augusta, Georgia, United States
WGAC-FM, a radio station (95.1 FM) licensed to serve Harlem, Georgia
WCHZ-FM, a radio station (93.1 FM) licensed to serve Warrenton, Georgia, which held the call sign WGAC-FM from 2003 to 2011
Sylvia is a 2003 British biographical drama film directed by Christine Jeffs and starring Gwyneth Paltrow, Daniel Craig, Jared Harris, and Michael Gambon. It tells a story based on the real-life romance between prominent poets Sylvia Plath and Ted Hughes. The film begins with their meeting at Cambridge in 1956 and ends with Sylvia Plath's suicide in 1963.
A Casa is a theatrical comedy in two acts, written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and published first in 1983 in Brazil.
Big Band Jazz from the Summit is a live album by American jazz drummer Louis Bellson featuring performances recorded in Los Angeles in 1962 for the Roulette label.
Flora and Zephyr (French: Flore et Zéphyr) is a 1875 oil-on-canvas painting by the French artist William-Adolphe Bouguereau. It is one of the  most famous paintings of the Musée des Beaux-Arts of Mulhouse, France. Its inventory number is D.75.1.50. 
The circular painting (tondo) depicts Zephyr, the Greek god of the west wind, gently kissing the Greek nymph Chloris, also known as her Roman equivalent Flora, the goddess of flowers. Zephyr has butterfly wings and is completely naked, save for a strategically placed blue veil. Flora's lower half is covered by a red drapery. The painter skilfully enhances the colour contrast not only of the cloths, but also of the complexions. 
The painting was shown at the Paris Salon of 1875, then at the Mulhouse Salon of 1879, where it was bought  for the collection of the Société industrielle de Mulhouse, from which the museum originated. In 2009, it was parodied by the Italian artist Filippo Panseca to display Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and his minister, Mara Carfagna. Instead of delicate butterfly wings, the male was depicted with huge owl wings, and his body was changed from slender to stocky. Apart from the head, the appearance of the female was not changed.
Venus Disarming Cupid is an oil on canvas painting by the Venetian Renaissance master Paolo Veronese, from c. 1550.
The painting is set after the Roman poet Ovid's telling of the myth of Venus, Cupid, Adonis, and Mars in Book X of his masterwork, the Metamorphoses. It is one of several works Veronese painted of the subject. It depicts Venus disarming Cupid, but to no avail as she has already been pierced by his arrow and will soon fall for the ill-fated mortal Adonis.
The painting was given by the late art collector Hester Diamond to the Worcester Art Museum in 2013 in honor of her daughter-in-law Rachel Kaminsy, who sits on the museum's board. At the time of its acquisition by the museum it was one of the few works by Veronese remaining in private hands.


Perins School (formerly named Perins Community School and Perin's Grammar School) is an academy, sports college and secondary school in New Alresford, Hampshire, England. The school was founded in 1696 by Henry Perin.
Adetunji is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:

Adetunji Adeshina (born 2004), Nigerian footballer
Adeoye Adetunji (born 1957), Nigerian boxer
Saliu Adetunji (1928–2022), Nigerian monarch
Sunday Adetunji (born 1997), Nigerian footballer
Victor Adetunji Haffner (1919–2015), Nigerian communications engineer
Anadenanthera colubrina (also known as vilca, huilco, huilca, wilco, willka, curupay,  curupau, cebil, or angico) is a South American tree closely related to yopo, or Anadenanthera peregrina. It grows to 5–20 m (16–66 ft) tall and the trunk is very thorny.  The leaves are mimosa-like, up to 30 cm (12 in) in length and they fold up at night.  In Argentina, A. colubrina produces flowers from September to December and bean pods from September to July.  In Brazil A. colubrina has been given "high priority" conservation status.


Xie Bao is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels in Chinese literature. Nicknamed "Twin-tailed Scorpion", he ranks 35th among the 36 Heavenly Spirits, the first third of the 108 Stars of Destiny.
Beorhthelm (also Bertelin, Bertram and Bettelin) was an Anglo-Saxon saint about whom the only evidence is legendary.  He is said to have had a hermitage on the island of Bethnei, which later became the town of Stafford. Later he went to a more hilly area, possibly near Ilam, where he died. Beorhthelm (Bertram) of Stafford is venerated as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church and Catholic Church, with a feast day on 10 August.
Kenneth Alexander Walter (5 November 1939 – 13 September 2003) was a South African cricketer who played in two Tests in 1961.
The women's sprint classical at the 2011 Asian Winter Games was held on January 31, 2011 at Biathlon and Cross-Country Ski Complex, Almaty.
Plectrohyla guatemalensis, also known as the Guatemala spikethumb frog, is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It occurs in the highlands of the Sierra Madre from southeastern Chiapas, Mexico, and eastward through the central and southwestern highlands of Guatemala to northwestern El Salvador as well as the Sierra de Nombre de Dios in north-central Honduras. It might be a composite of more than one species.
Steven Edward Browning (born November 30, 1993) is an American former professional basketball player. He played college basketball for Fairmont State and Marshall before playing in several professional leagues in Europe.
Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Wakeful. Another was planned but renamed before being launched:

HMS Wakeful (H88) was a W-class destroyer launched in 1917 and sunk in 1940.
HMS Wakeful was to have been a Z-class destroyer, but was renamed HMS Zebra (R81) before being launched in 1944.
HMS Wakeful (1943) was a W-class destroyer, originally built as HMS Zebra but renamed before being launched in 1943. She was converted to a Type 15 frigate between 1951 and 1953, and was sold in 1971.
HMS Wakeful (A236) was a support vessel commissioned in 1974, paid off in 1987 and sold in 1988.
Tony Phillips (born 1952) is a British artist and printmaker.


Radoslav Uzunov (Bulgarian: Радослав Узунов; born 25 March 2006) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a left-back for Rodopa Smolyan.
Three Creeks (also known as Three Creeks Village) is a village in Warren County, Missouri, United States. Three Creeks was incorporated on November 4, 2008 and had an estimated population of 4 in 2009. As of the 2010 census, its population had risen to 6.
Aussie Salvage Squad is an Australian factual television series which explores the world of amateur marine salvage and rescue in Australia, which screened on 7mate in 2018. The first series was filmed in the Whitsundays, Queensland and looks at salvage work, which is a result of storms, cyclones and natural disaster carried out by marine rescue experts. The Salvage Squad relies on a variety of heavy equipment, including a old ford Maverick which out performs a $100k Mog and notably an Oshkosh M1070 tank transporter. Series 2 premiered on 20 May 2020 on the Discovery Channel.


Gwda [ɡvda] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
Tverrnipa Peak (72°15′S 1°19′E) is a peak, 2,195 m, surmounting the north end of Tverrveggen Ridge in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Tverrnipa (the transverse peak).
 This article incorporates public domain material from "Tverrnipa Peak". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.
In Humppa We Trust is a live album by the Finnish humppa band Eläkeläiset, released in 1996. All of the songs on the album are covers/remixes of famous songs.
An escoffion ([ɛsˈkɔfiˌjã]) is a piece of female medieval headwear which was popular during the Late Middle Ages (1250–1500). It originated and was popular in European countries such as England, France and Germany, and other Balkan states. The headpiece was made out of a thick, circular roll of material like wool, felt or silk. The material was shaped, by sewing or starching, into a double-horned configuration, with each horn sometimes being up to a yard long. Over the headdress, gauze or silk was sometimes draped for weight distribution or aesthetic purposes. The escoffion style was a sub-branch of a popular style of headwear called hennin. 
The style of the escoffion developed over time, eventually given its own name because of its popularity and distinct features which differed from the original conical hennin. The escoffion was a type of "reticulated headdress", meaning that it was bound together by a network of golden thread or wire. The headdress itself was made out of various types of materials, predominantly wool, using looms. The more intricate details were sewn on by skilled craftswomen or men. The hair of the wearer was tucked away under the headdress in a number of ways; the hair could either be braided and tucked underneath the escoffion or pinned into place on each side of the head in configurations sometimes known as "side-pillars". 
Alternatively, the headdress was worn over a wimple or caul, simple pieces of cloth which kept the wearer's hair out of sight and provided a base for the larger headdress to attach on to. The covering of hair, sometimes called a bongrace, was a common custom amongst women of the Middle Ages, and continued to be a prominent feature in headwear for many centuries. The escoffion was usually worn by women of high status, such as those who lived in the court, or those who were a part of the Royal Family. 
Who exactly could wear headwear such as the escoffion, or other luxury clothing items, was dictated by sumptuary laws which controlled the over-expenditure on luxury items and also maintained a type of social hierarchy based on birth, influence or economic income. While the escoffion was deemed a luxury item for a time, it was later deemed as ungraceful or clunky, as well as being condemned by moralist or religious groups for supposedly depicting satanic imagery. Additionally, the headwear came out of fashion into the 16th century simply because of its size; some wearers were often unable to do certain activities because their mobility was hindered by the weight upon their head. Thus, many women adopted a more simple style of headwear leading into the 16th century, which was seen as both practical and conservatively religious.
The escoffion was sometimes called the bourrelet, a word that originally simply means something stuffed or padded (rembourré < bourre).
The 2023 Virginia Cavaliers women's soccer team represented the University of Virginia during the 2023 NCAA Division I women's soccer season. The Cavaliers were led by head coach Steve Swanson, in his twenty-fourth season. They played home games at Klöckner Stadium. This was the team's 38th season playing organized women's college soccer and their 36th playing in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Cavaliers played only three Power 5 opponents in their non-conference season and finished 1–0–2 against those opponents. They began the season ranked number 5, but finished the non-conference season ranked number 18 after the draws against Michigan and Iowa. The Cavaliers finished non-conference with a 5–0–2 record. ACC play started with a draw against Louisville. That was followed by two losses, two more draws, and a loss. However, the Cavaliers did play three ranked teams over that stretch. After a September 24 loss to Wake Forest, they dropped out of the United Soccer Coaches poll. The Cavaliers wouldn't return to the rankings for the rest of the season despite winning three of their last four games.
The Cavaliers finished the season 8–3–6 overall and 3–3–4 in ACC play to finish in seventh place. They did not qualify for the ACC Tournament and were not invited to the NCAA Tournament. This was the first time the team did not qualify for the ACC tournament since its inception. It was also their first time not making the NCAA tournament since 1993, breaking a streak of twenty-nine straight tournaments. Their eight total wins were tied for the lowest in program history with their 1986 campaign and their three conference wins were their lowest since 2003.
Garry A. Moore is a Democratic member of the South Dakota House of Representatives, representing the 18th district since 2006. He previously served from 1990 through 1998. He was a member of the South Dakota Senate from 1998 through 2006, serving as Minority Leader.
The 152nd Battalion, CEF, was a unit of the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the Great War. It was authorized on 22 December 1915, recruiting in Weyburn and Estevan, Saskatchewan, and embarked for Great Britain on 3 October 1916, where its personnel were absorbed by the 32nd Reserve Battalion, CEF, on 21 October 1916 to provide reinforcements for the Canadian Corps in the field. The battalion was disbanded on 21 May 1917.
The 152nd Battalion had one officer commanding: Lieutenant-Colonel S. B. Nelles.
The 152nd Battalion is perpetuated by The South Saskatchewan Regiment, the perpetuation having been passed down through these units:

1st Battalion (152nd Battalion, CEF), The Saskatchewan Border Regiment (1924–1936)
The South Saskatchewan Regiment (1936–present)
The battalion's king's colour and regimental colour are laid up at the Estevan branch of the Royal Canadian Legion.
In 1929, the battalion was awarded the theatre of war honour The Great War, 1916.
388 Bridge Street is a 590-foot residential high-rise skyscraper in Downtown Brooklyn, within New York City. It contains 378 market rate units, mixed between 234 rentals and 144 condominiums. The building was originally under construction as an all condominium tower before the 2000s real estate crash and subsequent Great Recession. Construction halted from 2008 to 2012 due to the recession, but resumed in 2013.
When topped out in 2013, it was the tallest building in Brooklyn, passing the four-year-old Brooklyner, until it, too, was passed by AVA DoBro. 388 Bridge Street is now the fourth-tallest in Brooklyn.


Bajaha Makanpur is a village in Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh, India.
ZOB can refer to:

Jewish Combat Organization
Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center
Berlin Zoologischer Garten railway station
Zentraler Omnibus Bahnhof, a common German abbreviation for a town's main bus station.
The women's 1,500 metres at the 2016 IPC Athletics European Championships was held at the Stadio Olimpico Carlo Zecchini in Grosseto from 11 to 16 June.
Vadim Alekseyevich Kirpichenko (Russian: Вадим Алексеевич Кирпиченко, 25 September 1922 – 3 December 2005) was a Russian officer of the First Chief Directorate of the KGB and its successor, the Foreign Intelligence Service. He served as resident in various countries and rose to First Deputy Head of the First Chief Directorate with the rank of General Lieutenant.
Born in 1922, Kirpichenko initially trained to be a pilot, but with the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union, he enlisted in the Red Army and served in Eastern and Central Europe during the closing stages of the war. Demobilised in 1946, he undertook studies at the Arab branch of the Moscow Institute of Oriental Studies, and was then recruited into intelligence work with the KGB's First Chief Directorate. He began his overseas postings with a period in Egypt as the KGB's deputy resident. This came during the early administration of Gamal Abdel Nasser, and Kirpichenko worked to gather information on its intentions. He passed information back to Moscow during the Suez Crisis in 1956, and worked to establish diplomatic relations with Yemen, before being recalled to the USSR in 1960. He returned to overseas postings in 1962 as resident in Tunisia, with a further period in the USSR between 1964 and 1970, serving as head of the African Department of the First Chief Directorate from 1967. Kirpichenko returned to Egypt in 1970 as resident, and served during the Yom Kippur War. He warned Moscow that Egyptian President Anwar Sadat was planning to reorient his foreign policy away from the Soviet Union and towards the USA. His predictions were unwelcome to the Soviet leadership, but were ultimately proved accurate.
On Kirpichenko's return to the USSR in 1974 he was appointed deputy head of the First Chief Directorate and placed in charge of Department "S", illegal KGB intelligence gathering, and in 1979 he became First Deputy Head of the First Chief Directorate, a post he would hold for the remainder of the existence of the Soviet Union. In late 1979 he was sent to Afghanistan to direct KGB operations surrounding Operation Storm-333, and the beginning of Soviet intervention in the country. With the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, Kirpichenko became head of a group of consultants under the director of one of the KGB's successors, the Foreign Intelligence Service. After retiring in 1997, he worked with others on a six-volume history of Russian intelligence, wrote two books of his own, and lectured widely on intelligence matters. Over the course of his career he received 54 awards from the Soviet, Russian and foreign governments. He died in 2005, survived by his wife, Valeriya Nikolaevna, an academic specialising in Arabic literature. Their son, Sergei Vadimovich, was a prominent diplomat in the Arab world, serving as ambassador to several Middle Eastern countries, including to Egypt, where his father had served as KGB resident for a number of years.
Sybil Marjory Atteck (3 February 1911 − 15 April 1975) was a pioneering Trinidadian painter known for her work in watercolor, oils, ceramics, acrylics and mixed media. She is celebrated as Trinidad and Tobago's "first outstanding female painter", "first Great Woman Painter", and was the inspiration for, and a founding member, of the Trinidad Art Society, now known as The Art Society of Trinidad and Tobago, the oldest established art organization in the Caribbean.
Coralville is a city in Johnson County, Iowa, United States. It is a suburb of Iowa City and part of the Iowa City Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 22,318 at the 2020 census.


Vavdi Dharvala is a town and former Rajput non-salute princely state in Gujarat, western India.
The Sri Lanka Hockey Federation is the governing body of field hockey in Sri Lanka. It is affiliated to IHF International Hockey Federation and AHF Asian Hockey Federation. The headquarters of the federation are in Colombo.
Sumith Edirisinghe is the President of the Sri Lanka Hockey Federation and Gamini Jayasinghe is the General Secretary.
The men's javelin throw event at the 2007 Pan American Games was held on July 28.
James Edward Cottrell is the Chair Emeritus, Department of Anesthesiology at SUNY Downstate Medical Center in New York City. He serves as a member of the New York State Board of Regents and is an avid collector of contemporary fine-art.
Dr. Cottrell helped to found the subspecialty of neuroanesthesiology, a field of medicine that has refined and expanded clinical practice and increased patient safety.
Edwin Whitfield Fay (January 1, 1865, Minden, Louisiana - February 17, 1920, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) was a United States philologist.
StarQuest Online was a massively multiplayer online role playing game taking place in a large universe. It was created by Castle Thorn Software. In 2009 NeXeon Technologies partnered with Castle Thorn to support development of the game, but in mid-2014 the game had been shut down. The game created a tight-knit gaming community of around 50 people aged between 12 and 60 which continues today.
Esfandan (Persian: اسفندان) is a village in, and the capital of, Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District of Dishmuk District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad province, Iran.
Flavio Giupponi (born 9 May 1964 in Bergamo) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist.
The Altan Debter, Golden Book (Mongolian Cyrillic: Алтан дэвтэр Altan devter, Mongolian script: ᠠᠯᠲᠠᠨ ᠳᠡᠪᠲᠡᠷ Altan debter) is an early, now lost history of the Mongols. Rashid-al-Din Hamadani had access to it when writing his Chronicles, Jami al-Tawarikh. Some believe that The Secret History of the Mongols is based on it, though the historian David Morgan argues that the two sources, though in agreement on broad facts and events, are "clearly quite independent of each other." It also inspired the still-extant Shengwu qinzheng lu.
In mathematics, a variational inequality is an inequality involving a functional, which has to be solved for all possible values of a given variable, belonging usually to a convex set. The mathematical theory of variational inequalities was initially developed to deal with equilibrium problems, precisely the Signorini problem: in that model problem, the functional involved was obtained as the first variation of the involved potential energy. Therefore, it has a variational origin, recalled by the name of the general abstract problem. The applicability of the theory has since been expanded to include problems from economics, finance, optimization and game theory.
École Secondaire Reynolds Secondary School is a public secondary school in the Greater Victoria suburb of Saanich, British Columbia, Canada. The school is known for its numerous specialized programs, including flexible studies, French immersion, robotics club, band, and its Centre for Soccer Excellence program. Reynolds also offers many career planning programs such as CP Theatre, CP Art, CP Recreation, CP Tourism, CP Journalism and co-op.

Reynolds is an active supporter of the Cops for Cancer fundraiser for the Canadian Cancer Society.  The school holds various fundraisers such as car washes, head shaves, and bake sales to raise money for the cause. In 2010, students and staff raised over $52,000, $80,000 in 2011, and over $100,000 in 2012, and in 2022, they had reached the $1,000,000 mark in total money raised.
The 1997 IAAF Grand Prix was the thirteenth edition of the annual global series of one-day track and field competitions organized by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF). The series consisted of three levels: IAAF Grand Prix, IAAF Grand Prix II, and finally IAAF Permit Meetings. There were seventeen Grand Prix meetings and eleven Grand Prix II meetings, making a combined total of 28 meetings for the series from 20 February to 7 September. An additional 15 IAAF Outdoor Permit Meetings were attached to the circuit.
Performances on designated events on the circuit earned athletes points which qualified them for entry to the 1997 IAAF Grand Prix Final, held on 13 September in Fukuoka, Japan. Danish-Kenyan runner Wilson Kipketer was the winner of the overall men's title with 114 points, while Germany's Astrid Kumbernuss topped the women's rankings with 99 points in the discus throw.
The Stewart–Cassiar Highway, also known as the Dease Lake Highway and the Stikine Highway as well as the Thornhill –Kitimat Highway from Kitimat to Thornhill, is the northwesternmost highway in the Canadian province of British Columbia.  A scenic route through some of the province's most isolated areas, the highway first gained designation as British Columbia Highway 37 in the year 1975.  At that time, its southern terminus was at the community of New Hazelton on the BC Highway 16 (the Yellowhead Highway). In 1975, with the completion of a new bridge over the Kitimat River, the highway's Yellowhead junction was relocated to a point on Highway 16 just south of the site of Kitwanga.  Highway 37 was then extended south to Kitimat in 1986  superseding what was then designated Highway 25. At the north end, the highway briefly stretches into the Yukon, becoming Yukon Highway 37.
Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder is a 1998 book by the evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins, in which the author discusses the relationship between science and the arts from the perspective of a scientist.
Dawkins addresses the misperception that science and art are at odds. Driven by the responses to his books The Selfish Gene and The Blind Watchmaker wherein readers resented his naturalistic world view, seeing it as depriving life of meaning, Dawkins felt the need to explain that, as a scientist, he saw the world as full of wonders and a source of pleasure. This pleasure was not in spite of, but rather because he does not assume as cause the inexplicable actions of a deity but rather the understandable laws of nature.
His starting point is John Keats's well-known, light-hearted accusation that Isaac Newton destroyed the poetry of the rainbow by 'reducing it to the prismatic colours.' See Keats's poem Lamia and Edgar Allan Poe's To Science. Dawkins's agenda is to show the reader that science does not destroy, but rather discovers poetry in the patterns of nature.


Mother and The Addicts were a Glasgow-based band signed to Chemikal Underground Records, who formed in 2003. They have released two albums.
Tauragė District Municipality (Lithuanian: Tauragės rajono savivaldybė) is a municipality in Tauragė County, Lithuania
Amu Dar'ya (Turkmen: Amyderýa) is a town in Köýtendag District, Lebap Province, Turkmenistan, on the river of the same name opposite the town of Kerki. As of 1989, it had a population of 5,018.
Bobi was an Albanian tribe that lived in the Middle Ages. They were the anas (older, indigenous) tribe of the Shala valley, being gradually expelled by the modern Shala. 
The Bob (or Bop) tribe is more clearly distinguishable from other anas tribes of the region. It has only a few households that still exist in the Nicaj neighborhood of Shala. In the 1485 Ottoman cadaster of the sanjak of Shkodër the village of Pop is mentioned as one of the villages forming the nahija of Petrishpan. The village has 5 households and could be an annual 250 ducats. The heads of the households were: Gjoni son of Xhuvan, Lukal son of Kabil, Lukan son of Stanisha, Marin son of Draniç as well as a certain Don Xhoni. The priest Pjetro Stefano Gaspari, wrote an extensive account of areas of Albania in 1671, notes that the Bob village in Shala “included 13 households with 58 people” This account is reinforced by Ernesto Armao's 1933 commentary on Gaspari which notes that the Bob village in Shala only had 13 houses as of 1905, and the 1918 Austrian census of the area which found only 12 houses and 73 persons. Bob/Bop (“Robbi”) is also shown on the 1688 Coronelli map .
According to tradition, the village of Bob is the oldest in the valley, being inhabited before the arrival of intrusive tribes. It is believed that the founders of the Shala fis in the Shala Valley arrived in the wake of the Ottoman conquest of Shkodra in the 1470s, likely in the form of a small number of patriarchal families. When the Shalas moved into the valley, they found Bobi there, in addition to other tribes such as the Mavriqi whom the Shala tribesmen would expel. The majority of the Bob fis moved, likely under pressure from the Shala, to regions such as Pukë, in the Firë and Kokë-Dodë villages, while likely further branching off westwards to Kaçanik in Kosovo. 

A branch of the Pecnikaj brotherhood of Shala moved into Gurra e Nicajve (the Nicaj stream) and through doing so would further push away the Bobi. Armao reports that although they were considered part of the Shala, a tradition that the inhabitants of Bob were descended from a people predating the Shala fis was prevalent. They were considered anas in tribal councils as well, and would occupy the margins of such gatherings.
In contrast to the Mavriqi who were brought to the brink of extinction, the Bobi tribe befriended the newer arrivals, and gradually adopted their tribal identity becoming fise të shoqnue (befriended fis). The Bob tribe continues to retain a distinct tribal identity, especially in comparison to other absorbed tribes in the region.
The siege of Shaizar took place from April 28 to May 21, 1138. The allied forces of the Byzantine Empire, Principality of Antioch and County of Edessa invaded Muslim Syria. Having been repulsed from their main objective, the city of Aleppo, the combined Christian armies took a number of fortified settlements by assault and finally besieged Shaizar, the capital of the Munqidhite Emirate. The siege captured the city, but failed to take the citadel; it resulted in the Emir of Shaizar paying an indemnity and becoming the vassal of the Byzantine emperor. The forces of Zengi, the greatest Muslim prince of the region, skirmished with the allied army but it was too strong for them to risk battle. The campaign underlined the limited nature of Byzantine suzerainty over the northern Crusader states and the lack of common purpose between the Latin princes and the Byzantine emperor.
Albert Street Uniting Church is a heritage-listed Uniting church at 319 Albert Street (on the corner of Ann Street), Brisbane City, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by George Henry Male Addison and built from 1888 to 1889 by Thomas Pearson & Sons. It was originally known as Albert Street Methodist Church and Central Methodist Mission. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
In traditional Islamic history, Qamus (القموص al-Qamūṣ) was one of the fortresses of the Jewish poet Al-Rabi ibn Abu al-Huqayq, and his Jewish tribe called Banu Nadir.  The fortress was situated near Khaybar in what is now Saudi Arabia. The fortress was attacked by Muslim forces and defeated circa 629/30 CE. It was after this event that Muhammad married Safiyyah bint Huyayy. The Jewish presence in the region has been attested to the late seventh century who pioneered the cultivation in the area.
It has traditionally been identified with the remains of the Husn al-Qamus (Qamus Fortress) in the old Khaybar oasis, though there's no direct archaeological evidence for this.
10 Cloverfield Lane (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the soundtrack to the 2016 film 10 Cloverfield Lane, directed by Dan Trachtenberg and produced by J. J. Abrams under his Bad Robot production company. The film's score is composed by Bear McCreary and released under his Sparks & Shadows and Paramount Music label on March 11, 2016.
The Tienen Mithraeum is a Mithraic temple constructed in the Belgian municipality of Tienen in the third century CE.
Market Street Bridge may refer to:

Market Street Bridge (Chattanooga), officially the Chief John Ross Bridge, in Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States
Market Street Bridge (Passaic River) in New Jersey, United States
Market Street Bridge (Philadelphia) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States
Market Street Bridge (Ohio River) in Ohio and West Virginia, United States
Market Street Bridge (Susquehanna River), across the Susquehanna River in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States
Market Street Bridge (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania), across the Susquehanna River in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, United States
Carl E. Stotz Memorial Little League Bridge, formerly Market Street Bridge, in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, United States
South Market Street Bridge, Wilmington, Delaware, United States
Market Street Bridge (Clearfield, Pennsylvania)
Beyond His Fondest Hopes is a 1915 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
Hon. Saul Solomon QC (1875–1960), styled Mr Justice Solomon, was a judge in the Supreme Court of South Africa.
Hikarigaoka Station (光が丘駅, Hikarigaoka-eki) is a subway station on the Toei Ōedo Line in Nerima, Tokyo, Japan, operated by Tokyo subway operator Toei Subway.
The men's 200 metre breaststroke event for the 1976 Summer Olympics was held in Montreal. The event took place on 24 July.
Luna Sea 3D in Los Angeles is a live album, 3D concert film and home video by Japanese rock band Luna Sea. It was recorded and filmed at the Hollywood Palladium in the United States on December 4, 2010, as part of their 20th Anniversary World Tour Reboot -to the New Moon-. The live album was released on June 1, 2011, while the film began showing in theaters nationwide on June 4, 2011 and was released on home video on February 22, 2012. The album reached number 15 on the Oricon Albums Chart, the Blu-ray reached number 48 on Oricon's Blu-ray chart, and the DVD version peaked at number 67.


Kristian Paul Stanfill (born April 9, 1983) is an American contemporary Christian music singer, songwriter and worship leader from Atlanta, Georgia. His 2011 album Mountains Move reached No. 64 on the Billboard 200. He is currently the worship pastor at Passion City Church and a worship leader at Passion Conferences.
Eastern Finncattle (Finnish: itäsuomenkarja or kyyttö, pronounced [ˈitæˌsuo̯menˌkɑrja] and [ˈkyːtːø]) are a breed of cattle from eastern Finland. They are a dual purpose breed, used in dairy and beef production.
Cows produce approximately 4100 kg of milk per lactation, with about 4.4% fat and 3.5% protein.
The Eastern Finncattle cows were recognized as a separate breed in the 1890s. There was a need to improve milk production and the recognition of breeds was part of the development work. The general interest in well characterized breeds coincided with strong nationalistic feelings at the time.
Nile is an ghost town in Milam County, Texas, United States, nine miles west of Rockdale; it is named after Egypt's Nile River. Its population peaked at 35 in 1896, when it had two cotton gins and a general store. The school, which had 43 students in 1903, consolidated with Thorndale in 1946. Today, nothing remains of Nile.
Bashkim Muhedini (born 3 January 1949 - 7 October 2022) is an Albanian retired football player. He was a goalkeeper for Partizani Tirana and the Albania national team in the 1970s.
Wiernowo [vjɛrˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south of Wyrzysk, 36 km (22 mi) east of Piła, and 86 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
The United States three cent piece was a unit of currency equaling 3⁄100 of a United States dollar. The mint produced two different three-cent coins for circulation: the three-cent silver and the three-cent nickel. Additionally, a three-cent bronze coin was made as a pattern in 1863. During the period from 1865 to 1873, both coins were minted, albeit in very small quantities for the silver three-cent piece.
The Columbus Catfish were a minor league baseball team in Columbus, Georgia.  They were a Class A team in the South Atlantic League, and were an affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays for the 2007 and 2008 seasons. The Catfish relocated to Bowling Green, Kentucky for the 2009 season and are now known as the Bowling Green Hot Rods.
The Catfish played home games at Golden Park.  The team colors were royal blue, peach, and sand.  The name "Catfish" referred to the fish of the same name, which is commonly eaten in the South and is often harvested from the Chattahoochee River.  The city of Columbus and Golden Park itself lie on the Chattahoochee.  The peach in the Catfish logo indicates that they are from the state of Georgia and not the Columbus Clippers of Columbus, Ohio.
In 2007, the Catfish swept the West Virginia Power in three games to win their first South Atlantic League championship.


Sara Camara (born 18 June 1940) is an athlete from Mali
He started at the Summer Olympics 1964 in Tokyo in Men's 100 metres. He finished seventh and last in his heat in the first round.
Edgbastonia alanwillsi is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Tateidae.
Edgbastoni alanwillsi is endemic to western Queensland, Australia. It is only found in a small group of springs in the Edgbaston Reserve near Aramac, where it is assumed to be relictual.
The Original Whizzinator is a product advertised as a "wet sex simulator" intended to promote simulated male urination as a safer alternative to using real urine for sexual fetish activity ⁠— but most consumers purchase the device to fraudulently defeat drug tests. The Whizzinator comes as a kit complete with dried urine and syringe, heater packs (to keep the urine at body temperature), a false penis (available in several skin tones including white, tan, Latino, brown, and black) and instruction manual.  It was manufactured by Puck Technology of Signal Hill, California, a suburb of Los Angeles.
The device received media coverage in May 2005 in the United States after Onterrio Smith, a former Minnesota Vikings running back, was caught with one at the Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport, which resulted in his suspension. Actor Tom Sizemore has also brought the Whizzinator into the public eye after having been caught with one attempting to evade drug tests.
In 2006, a Pittsburgh-area woman and her friend were charged with disorderly conduct and criminal mischief after they asked a convenience store clerk to microwave one of the devices so the woman could pass a drug test. The clerk, thinking it was a real penis, called police. The mischief charge was dropped after the friend agreed to replace the oven (OSHA regulations do not allow an oven to be used when bodily fluids are placed in it).
The United States Congress held hearings on the Whizzinator on May 17, 2005.
The Whizzinator continues to appear occasionally in news stories. In August 2015, a Chicago man on probation in Indiana was caught using the device to cheat on a mandatory drug test. He had gone to the probation office for Cook County, Illinois to take the test, and according to a police report repeatedly looked over his shoulder while urinating for the test, which drew the suspicion of a probation officer.
The Whizzinator is now marketed as an "adult novelty item" which offers a wide variety of products. The company also offers a female version of the Whizzinator, called "Whizz Kit". The difference in the products is the female versions comes with a tube and not a prosthetic penis.
The following were the events of volleyball for the year 2018 throughout the world.
Sebastian Pedersen (born 8 June 1999) is a Norwegian professional footballer who currently plays for OBOS-ligaen side Moss.
Pedersen, who is a younger brother of Marcus Pedersen, started his career in HamKam. At the age of 16, he went from their junior team to that of Stabæk, and also started attending the Norwegian College of Elite Sport. He made his first-team debut one year later, as a late-match substitute in August 2016 against Haugesund. He scored his first goal in his third match as a substitute, against Lillestrøm.
He signed for Strømsgodset in January 2018.
Mala Buna   is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D31 highway.
Langley Creek is a small river in San Mateo County, California and a tributary to La Honda Creek, which in turn is a tributary to San Gregorio Creek.
It flows about 2 miles (3 km) from its source on Langley Hill to its confluence with La Honda Creek, a short distance upstream from the town of La Honda.
Nowiny [nɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Christian Miller may refer to:

Christian William Miller (1921–1995), American artist and model
Christian Miller (American football) (born 1996), American football defensive end
Christian B. Miller, American philosopher
T. Christian Miller (born 1970), investigative reporter, editor, author, and war correspondent
Christian Miller (sprinter) (born 2006), American sprinter
Alfred Jeanroy (5 July 1859 – 13 March 1953) was a French linguist. 
Jeanroy was a leading scholar studying troubadour poetry, publishing over 600 works. He established an influential view of the second generation of troubadours divided into two camps: “idealists” (e.g. Jaufre Rudel, Ebles de Ventadorn) and “realists” (e.g. Marcabru).
Nikolay Grigoryevich Minkh (Russian: Николай Григорьевич Минх) (March, 28 (15), 1912, Saratov – November 2, 1982, Moscow) was a Soviet composer, conductor, and pianist.
Alec Cobbe (born 1945) is an Irish designer, artist, musical instrument collector and decorator.
A member of the Cobbe family, Cobbe was born in Dublin and moved to Newbridge House with his family upon the death of his father. Cobbe studied medicine at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and underwent his clinical training at the London Hospital. Cobbe gave up his study of medicine to become a painter and trained as an art conservator at the Tate. Since the early 1980s Cobbe has advised on the redecoration of historic British country houses.
Cobbe donated his design archive to the Victoria and Albert Museum (V&A) and an exhibition was held at the V&A of his work in 2013.
The Cobbe Collection, Cobbe's collection of historic musical instruments is kept at Hatchlands Park, a National Trust property that Cobbe has leased since 1984.


Shahin (Shawn) Shadfar (Persian: شاهین‌ شادفر; born 1973 in Tehran - died in 2018 in California) was a Persian-American entrepreneur. He was the founder and president of omNovia Technologies, a software company specialized in web and video conferencing technology, and Xerzees Technologies, the company behind the mobile app Zurf.
Long Mountain, 920 feet (280 m) feet above sea level, is a traprock mountain of the Holyoke Range, part of the greater Metacomet Ridge which stretches from Long Island Sound to nearly the Vermont border. The mountain rises steeply from the surrounding landscape 600 feet (180 m) below and consists of five distinct peaks, from east to west: 685 feet (209 m), 775 feet (236 m), 795 feet (242 m), 920 feet (280 m), the high point, and the eastern summit, 906 feet (276 m). It is located within the towns of Amherst and Granby, Massachusetts. The 110-mile (180 km) Metacomet-Monadnock Trail and the 47-mile (76 km) Robert Frost Trail traverse the mountain. The Holyoke Range continues to the west as Mount Norwottuck and to the east as Harris Mountain.
Gouméra is a village and urban commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. In 2009 the commune had a population of 2,770.
The Breakup Guru (Chinese: 分手大师) is a 2014 Chinese romantic-comedy-drama film directed by Deng Chao and Yu Baimei and also starring Deng Chao and Yang Mi. The film was released on June 27, 2014.
John A. Bradley is an American actor known for his work in television, with a career that includes appearances in both minor roles in blockbuster films such as "Mars Attacks!" "Ablaze," and "Independence Day," and noteworthy roles in various television series.
The Yoshibumi Shell Midden (良文貝塚, Yoshibumi kaizuka) is an archaeological site in the Kaizuka neighborhood of the city of  Katori, Chiba Prefecture, in the Kantō region of Japan containing a Jōmon period  shell midden and settlement ruin. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1930. It was the first shell midden to receive National Historic Site designation in Chiba Prefecture.
India on Four Wheels is a documentary shown in the UK on BBC Two where Justin Rowlatt and Anita Rani travel around India sampling the changes and problems that growing car usage has brought to the country in the last two decades.
The show was first broadcast on Friday 19 August and Friday 26 August 2011 as a two-part series. The programme was shown at 9pm and on BBC Two and BBC HD.
The presenters, Justin Rowlatt and Anita Rani travelled on two different journeys. Rani travelled in a modern, small 4x4 representing India's car economy of today, whereas Rowlatt travelled in an older Indian car visiting many places where people didn't have a car, or where they were only just discovering them.
These were the ratings for the two episodes:
Trent was launched at Hull in 1790. Her master was J.Maw, her owner was Hammond, and her trade was Hull–Petersburg. Trent was lost on Hogland, Russia as she was sailing from London to Saint Petersburg, Russia. Her entry in Lloyd's Register carried the annotation "Lost".
Richard Berens (28 January 1864 – 14 July 1909) was an English cricketer and a barrister.
Berens was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford. He qualified as a barrister at the Inner Temple in 1892.
A club cricketer, Berens was invited to take part in two tours by English amateurs to the West Indies in 1894-95 and 1896-97 and one to North America in 1898. He played all of his first-class cricket career on these tours. He was a batsman, but his contributions were modest: the 37 and 50 he scored in the second match against Barbados on the first tour were the only innings in which he reached 25.
Berens married Elizabeth Evelyn Gibbons on 3 December 1900.
The 1909 Detroit College Tigers football team  was an American football team that represented Detroit College (later renamed the University of Detroit) as an independent during the 1909 college football season. In its second season under head coach George A. Kelly, the team compiled a 3–1–2 record and shut out four opponents, but was outscored by its opponents by a combined total of 35 to 17.  The team opened the season with a 27–0 loss to Michigan Agricultural (later renamed Michigan State University).
Pro Wrestling Wave (プロレスリングWAVE, Puroresuringu Wēbu), is a women's professional wrestling, or Joshi Puroresu, promotion created in 2007 after the dissolution and closure of JDStar.  The company was formed by Mikiko Futagami, or Gami, former JDStar wrestler Yumi Ohka, and former JDStar booker Tatsuya Takeshi, who assumed the role of President for the new company.  The company has had a very slow growth and grassroots rise, and is one of the few women's promotions in Japan to do shows on weekdays.
2010 was the biggest year for Wave, which saw them run Tokyo's Korakuen Hall for the first time, along with their first television broadcast by Samurai! TV, which was also a first. Prior to the show, Wave's shows were (and still are) primarily sold as DVDs.
Gami wrestled her retirement match on December 30, 2013, but remains with the promotion behind the scenes, running it through Zabun, Co., Ltd.
On May 3, 2016, Wave announced it was launching its own internet streaming site, Wave Network, the following month.
Lazarevsky (Russian: Ла́заревский; masculine), Lazarevskaya (Ла́заревская; feminine), or Lazarevskoye (Ла́заревское; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

Modern rural localities
Lazarevsky (rural locality), a settlement in Lazarevskaya Rural Administration of Gorodovikovsky District in the Republic of Kalmykia; 46°5′N 41°55′E
Lazarevskoye (rural locality), a village in Yuryev-Polsky District of Vladimir Oblast
Lazarevskaya, Kargopolsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, a village in Lodyginsky Selsoviet of Kargopolsky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast
Lazarevskaya, Verkhnetoyemsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, a village in Novovershinsky Selsoviet of Verkhnetoyemsky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast
Abolished inhabited localities
Lazarevskoye, a former resort settlement in Krasnodar Krai; merged into the city of Sochi in 1961 as Lazarevskoye Microdistrict
Zachary Ashworth (born 6 September 2002) is a professional footballer who plays as a left-back for EFL League One club Blackpool. He is a Wales under-21 international.
UAAP Season 77 is the 2014–15 athletic year of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP). The season host is the University of the East with Carmelita Mateo as president. Eight universities are competing in fifteen sports to vie for the general championship. Each sporting event is hosted by a school.
Some of these sporting events are aired live or on a delayed telecast by ABS-CBN Sports+Action and ABS-CBN Channel 2. All the men's basketball games and the women's volleyball games are aired live by ABS-CBN Sports, the former for the fifteenth consecutive year following the renewal of the contract for the broadcast of the games and the latter since Season 69 (2006−07).
El Coyote Cafe is a Mexican restaurant in Los Angeles that opened on March 5, 1931. It is most notable for being the location of the final meal of four of the victims of the Manson family murders.
John Jacob Bogert House is located in Harrington Park, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The house was built in 1830 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 26, 2004.
Presidential elections were held in Chile on 25 and 26 July 1841. Carried out through a system of electors, they resulted in the election of General Manuel Bulnes as President.
There was no organized opposition to the conservative Bulnes, although liberals rallied around Francisco Antonio Pinto, who was proclaimed candidate without his consent. Pinto went on to become an adviser to President Bulnes.


Hentai (Japanese: ヘンタイ) is a style of Japanese pornographic anime and manga. In addition to anime and manga, hentai works exist in a variety of media, including artwork and video games (commonly known as eroge).

The development of hentai has been influenced by Japanese cultural and historical attitudes toward sexuality. Hentai works, which are often self-published, form a significant portion of the market for doujin works, including doujinshi. Numerous subgenres exist depicting a variety of sexual acts and relationships, as well as novel fetishes.


Rat meat is the meat of various species of rat: medium-sized, long-tailed rodents.  It is a food that, while taboo in some cultures, is a dietary staple in others. Taboos include fears of disease or religious prohibition, but in many places, the high number of rats has led to their incorporation into the local diets.
Owls are birds from the order Strigiformes (), which includes over 200 species of mostly solitary and nocturnal birds of prey typified by an upright stance, a large, broad head, binocular vision, binaural hearing, sharp talons, and feathers adapted for silent flight. Exceptions include the diurnal northern hawk-owl and the gregarious burrowing owl.
Owls are divided into two families: the true (or typical) owl family, Strigidae, and the barn-owl family, Tytonidae. Owls hunt mostly small mammals, insects, and other birds, although a few species specialize in hunting fish. They are found in all regions of the Earth except the polar ice caps and some remote islands.
A group of owls is called a "parliament".
The South-Central Zone Cultural, Nagpur or SCZCC (ISO: Dakṣiṇa-Madhya Kṣētra Sāṁskr̥tika Kēṁdra) is one of the seven Zonal Cultural Centres in India established in 1986 with its headquarters at Nagpur.  It comprises the linguistically different states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, Chhattisgarh, Goa and Maharashtra.  Each of these States has rich traditions of folk, tribal, fine arts and crafts.  The Centre strives through its various activities to enrich, promote and strengthen these traditions. The centre is working under the control of Ministry of  Culture, Government of India. The Governor of Maharashtra is the chairman of this centre.
Seignosse (French pronunciation: [sɛɲɔs]; Occitan: Senhòssa) is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Ileana Pietrobruno is an independent Canadian filmmaker who has written, directed, edited and produced several short films and the following features: the erotic drama Girlfriend Experience, the pirate adventure Girl King, and the surreal Cat Swallows Parakeet and Speaks!. Pietrobruno's films have won awards and screened at festivals such as the Berlin International Film Festival and the Toronto International Film Festival.
"Stuck on Replay" is a song by German electronic dance band Scooter. It was released in March 2010 as the fourth single from Under the Radar Over the Top. The song was the official anthem of the 2010 IIHF World Championship in Germany. The single is themed after the IIHF as is the Under the Radar Over the Top tour. The single was also released on the day of the Hamburg concert during the tour.
The song samples the chorus of the 1984 Lionel Richie song "Stuck on You" and the bridge of "A Kay A" by DJ Phil TY.


The 2012 Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council in West Yorkshire, England. This was on the same day as other 2012 United Kingdom local elections.
Équevillon (French pronunciation: [ekvijɔ̃]) is a commune in the Jura department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Musa Didam (April 14, 1933 - November 6, 2018) was a former District Head of the Fantswam (Kafanchan Kewaye) District, then in the Jama'a Emirate and later the first indigenous monarch of Fantswam (Kafanchan) Chiefdom, a Nigerian traditional state in southern Kaduna State, Nigeria. He was also known by the titles "Mallam Musa Didam," "Mr. Musa Didam" and "Agwam Fantswam I."
Biedl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Albrecht Biedl (born 1938), German computer scientist
Arthur Biedl (1869–1933), Hungarian pathologist
Artur Biedl (1904–1950), Austrian philologist
Therese Biedl, Austrian computer scientist
Chepstow Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Chepstow, in Monmouthshire, Wales.  The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Dragons RFC with a Mini age groups from under 6's to under 16's.
Best of the Specials is a budget compilation album by The Specials, released in 1996.
Jacob Ernst Thomann von Hagelstein, or Nestus Thomann (c. 1588 – 10 October 1653) was a German Baroque painter.
Nitrotyrosine is a product of tyrosine nitration mediated by reactive nitrogen species such as peroxynitrite anion and nitrogen dioxide. Nitrotyrosine is identified as an indicator or marker of cell damage,  inflammation as well as NO (nitric oxide) production. Nitrotyrosine is formed in the presence of the active metabolite NO. Generally in many disease states, oxidative stress increases the production of superoxide (O2−) and NO forming peroxynitrite (ONOO−) a destructive free radical oxidant. The production of ONOO− is capable of oxidizing several lipoproteins and of nitrating tyrosine residues in many proteins. It is difficult to determine the production of ONOO− so, usually nitrotyrosine in proteins are the detectable marker for indirectly detecting ONOO−. It is detected in large number of pathological conditions and is considered a marker of NO-dependent, reactive nitrogen species-induced nitrative stress. Nitrotyrosine is detected in biological fluids such as plasma, lung aspirants-BALF (Broncho alveolar lining fluid) and urine. Increased level of nitrotyrosine is detected in rheumatoid arthritis, septic shock and coeliac disease. In all these studies nitrotyrosine was undetected in healthy subjects. Nitrotyrosine is also found in numerous other disease-affected tissues, such as the cornea in keratoconus. Peroxynitrite and/or nitrative stress may participate in the pathogenesis of diabetes.
Research shows that nitrotyrosine levels can be reduced by N-acetyl cysteine, which is a precursor to glutathione, one of the body's primary endogenous antioxidants. Nitrotyrosine levels have been linked to cerebral ischemia and edema, for which NAC has also been proven as a potential treatment.
Free nitrotyrosine undergoes metabolism to form 3-nitro-4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid (NHPA) which is excreted in the urine.
Nitrotyrosine, as a marker of reactive oxygen species, has also been linked to degeneration of dopamine neurons. Tyrosine is the precursor to dopamine, a neurotransmitter that's important for motivation, attention, learning, circadian rhythms, and other biological processes.


Sormovsky (masculine), Sormovskaya (feminine), or Sormovskoye (neuter) is an adjective form of Sormovo, a neighborhood within the Russian city of Nizhny Novgorod. They may refer to:

Sormovsky City District, a city district of Nizhny Novgorod, Russia
Sormovskaya Line, a line of the Nizhny Novgorod Metro that will one day reach Sormovo.
Sormovskiy, a type of general cargo ships from Russia.
St Saviourgate  is a historic street in the city of York. St Saviour's Church was built here in the 11th-century, and the street was first mentioned in 1175, as "Ketmongergate", street of the flesh sellers.
Pinheiros is a metro station on Line 4-Yellow of the Brazilian São Paulo Metro operated by ViaQuatro. Already completed, passengers may transfer without any fee to Line 9-Emerald of ViaMobilidade.
Pukenui School may refer to:

Pukenui School in Pukenui, Northland Region
Pukenui School in Te Kūiti, Waikato Region
Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos were the defending champions when the event was last held in 2015, but they chose not to defend their title.
Guido Andreozzi and Guillermo Durán won the title after defeating Nicolás Álvarez and Murkel Dellien 7–5, 6–2 in the final.
The Rothenburg Ferry is a cable ferry across the Saale in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It connects the village of Rothenburg on the northwest end with the settlement Brucke which is part of the community Zickeritz on the southeast end. The ferry is 3.7 km apart from the next bridge downstream and upstream 11.1 km from another ferry.
The ferry was originally a reaction ferry propelled by the current of the water but today is powered by an engine working on a chain on the downstream side. Since October 2022 the service has been discontinued.
Nieszkowice Małe [ɲɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 31 km (19 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Puutli is a village in Estonia, in Võru Parish, which belongs to Võru County.
Dewey Defeats Truman is an American indie rock band formed in San Diego, California in the late 1990s. From their founding in 1998 until late 2003, the band quickly made a name for itself in the California indie rock scene, sharing the stage with bands The Jesus Lizard, Jimmy Eat World, Archers of Loaf, and Kelley Deal, and performing at such festivals as NXNW in Portland, SXSW in Austin, CMJ Music Marathon in New York City. The band continued to play together until late 2003, when they went on an extended hiatus, before reforming in 2018. The band's name comes from a printing of a Chicago Tribune article of the same name, which incorrectly stated that Thomas E. Dewey had defeated Harry S. Truman in the 1948 presidential election.
Henry Clarke Jollye (12 October 1841 – 17 December 1902) was an English first-class cricketer, educator and clergyman.
The son of Hunting Jollye, he was born in October 1841 at Broome, Norfolk. He was educated at Bradfield College, matriculating at Merton College, Oxford in 1861, and graduating B.A. in 1866, M.A. in 1873. While studying at Oxford, he made a single appearance in first-class cricket for Oxford University against the Gentlemen of England at Lord's in 1862. Batting once in the match, he was dismissed without scoring by Henry Arkwright in the Oxford first-innings.
After graduating B.A. from Oxford, Jollye took holy orders in the Church of England and returned to Bradfield College in the capacity of assistant master from 1867. He died in December 1902 at Walton, Wiltshire.
Small object detection is a particular case of object detection where various techniques are employed to detect small objects in digital images and videos. "Small objects" are objects having a small pixel footprint in the input image. In areas such as aerial imagery, state-of-the-art object detection techniques under performed because of small objects.
Erik Hightower (born 6 April 1986) is an American Paralympic athlete who competes in wheelchair racing events at international elite competitions and has participated at three Paralympic Games. He is a double Parapan American Games champion and a World champion in the 4 x 100 metre relay.
Keene is a city in Johnson County, Texas, United States. The population was 6,387 in 2020.
Carolyn Mae "Carol" Jantsch (born on March 8, 1985) is an American tuba player.  She is the daughter of a medical doctor and a Kenyon College vocal-music teacher, Nancy Jantsch.  She began to study piano at age 6, and the euphonium at age 9.  She took up the tuba in seventh grade.
Stares and Whispers may refer to:

Stares and Whispers (album), a 1977 album by Freda Payne
Stares and Whispers (song), a 1977 song by Renée Geyer Band
Achille Duchêne (1 November 1866 – 12 November 1947) was a French garden designer who worked in the grand manner established by André Le Nôtre. The son of the landscaper Henri Duchêne, Achille Duchêne was the garden designer most in demand among high French society at the turn of the 20th century. He built up a large office to handle the practice, which was responsible over a period of years for some six thousand gardens in France and worldwide.
Among the more notable commissions:

Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte for Alfred Sommier
Carolands, for Harriett Pullman Carolan in Hillsborough, California, US
Château de Champs, Champs-sur-Marne, for Comte Louis Cahen d'Anvers
Château de Courances, for the marquise Jean de Ganay
Château du Marais, for comte Boni de Castellane (1903–1906)
Château de Breteuil (Yvelines) (with his father Henri Duchêne)
Château de Rosny-sur-Seine (Yvelines), for Paul Lebaudy (end of the 19th century)
Château de Voisins at Saint-Hilarion (Yvelines), for Comte Edmond de Fels
Water parterres of Blenheim Palace for the ninth Duke of Marlborough
Château de Langeais
Château de Sassy (Boischampré), about 1925, for Gaston d'Audiffret
Garden of the Hôtel Porgès, 18 avenue Montaigne, Paris 8e, for Jules Porgès
Gardens of the Palais Rose, avenue Foch, for Boni de Castellane
Nordkirchen Schlossgarten, Nordkirchen, Germany
Château de la Verrerie (Le Creusot), for the Schneider family (1904–1908)
Garden at the Cloître de l'Abbaye de Royaumont (1912)
The Errázuriz Palace, the private residence of Josefina de Alvear and Matias Errázuriz, in Buenos Aires, Argentina (1914)
The Bosch Palace, the private residence of Elisa de Alvear and Ernesto Bosch, in Buenos Aires, Argentina (1915)
Park of Schoppenwihr at Ostheim (Haut-Rhin), garden restoration for Général Baron de Berckheim
Gardens of Eijsden Castle (around 1900), near Maastricht, the Netherlands
Mikes kastély, Zabola Estate, Transylvania, Romania, general plan for Count Armin Mikes
In 1935, Duchêne published Les jardins de l'avenir, in which he affirmed that there was no future for grand aristocratic parks and that for the future one must think in terms of simplified maintenance in reduced scale.
The Australian state of Victoria requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current regular issue plates are to the standard Australian dimensions of 372 mm (14.6 in) in length by 134 mm (5.3 in) in height, but Victoria has used its own serial dies since 1977.


Richmond is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,556 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Boardman is located in the town.
Winnipeg Beach is a town in the Interlake Region, in the Canadian province of Manitoba. The town was founded in 1900 by Sir William Whyte and is located at the junction of Highway 9 and Highway 229 on the southwestern shore of Lake Winnipeg, about 56 kilometres (35 mi) north of Winnipeg. It is bordered by the Rural Municipality of Gimli, the Rural Municipality of St. Andrews, and Dunnottar as well as Lake Winnipeg. Nearby towns are Ponemah, Whytewold, and Matlock (all to the south), Gimli, and Sandy Hook, (located to the north), as well as Teulon, and Selkirk. Its permanent population is 1,439 (as of 2021)
The glassy sprat (Hyperlophus translucidus) is a type of sprat fish. The fish, when alive, is translucent, so it gets the second word in its scientific name from the Latin word translucidus, meaning transparent, diaphanous. In animal classification the glassy sprat belongs to Osteichthyes (some resources classified as Actinopterygii), Clupeiformes, Clupeidae, Hyperlophus. The glassy sprat is native to Australia and mainly found in Australia. It is marked as NE because it has not yet been evaluated by the World Animal Protection. It is mainly used as an economical aquatic product. In ecosystems, they are at the bottom end of the food chain, feeding mainly on plankton, which are less aggressive and very vulnerable to other fish. Glassy sprat are tiny in size and translucent with a silvery streak that extends from its tail to just behind its head. As early as a hundred years ago, Australians harvested the glassy sprat in large quantities and it featured on the table as food for a long time. Due to its poor appearance, it is not a very good ornamental fish.
William Orchard may refer to:

W. Arundel Orchard (William Arundel Orchard, 1867–1961), British-born Australian organist, composer and music educator
William E. Orchard (1877–1955), British preacher
Billy Orchard (1888–1965), Australian rules footballer
William Orchard (architect) (died 1504), English gothic architect
William Orchard (water polo) (1929–2014), Australian water polo player
Rabdophaga salicis is a gall midge which forms galls on sallows (Salix species). It was first described by Franz von Paula Schrank in 1803.
Sophronica ochreofemorata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1969.
Komárom (Hungarian: Komáromi járás) is a district in north-western part of Komárom-Esztergom County. Komárom is also the name of the town where the district seat is found. The district is located in the Central Transdanubia Statistical Region.
Lyudmyla Kovalenko or Liudmyla Kovalenko (Ukrainian: Людмила Коваленко, née Liakhovich; born 26 June 1989, Berdychiv) is a Ukrainian and a Belarusian athlete. Kovalenko won the silver medal at the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki in the 5000 m with result 15:12.03.  She is currently (April 2018) serving a doping ban.
The Jurca MJ-10 Spitfire is a sport aircraft designed by Marcel Jurca in France as a replica of the Supermarine Spitfire and marketed for homebuilding. Plans for two versions were produced, the MJ-10, at 3/4 scale, and the MJ-100, at full-scale. Construction throughout is of wood, and the builder may choose to complete the aircraft with either a single seat or two seats in tandem. The version represented is the Mk.IX Spitfire, but allowances are made to allow the builder to portray other versions, in particular the Mk.Vc and the Mk.XIV. Additionally, the MJ-100 version may be built with a fuselage structure of welded steel tube if desired. Plans for both versions were marketed by Falconar and later Jurca Plans West.
As of July 2017 two MJ-100s are known to have flown, one each in France (the prototype, F-WGML, originally with a Hispano-Suiza but later refitted with an Allison V-1710) and the USA (with a V-1710), with several others under construction around the world.
In mechanical engineering, an end-face mechanical seal (often shortened to mechanical seal) is a type of seal used in rotating equipment, such as pumps, mixers, blowers, and compressors. When a pump operates, the liquid could leak out of the pump between the rotating shaft and the stationary pump casing. Since the shaft rotates, preventing this leakage can be difficult. Earlier pump models used mechanical packing (otherwise known as gland packing) to seal the shaft. Since World War II, mechanical seals have replaced packing in many applications.
An end-face mechanical seal uses both rigid and flexible elements that maintain contact at a sealing interface and slide on each other, allowing a rotating element to pass through a sealed case. The elements are both hydraulically and mechanically loaded with a spring or other device to maintain contact. For similar designs using flexible elements, see radial shaft seal (or "lip seal") and O-ring.


Ann G. Rabbitt (born December 20, 1960) is a Republican politician from the State of New York. Rabbitt has served as Orange County Clerk from 2014 to 2021.
Richard James Strachan Harman (14 April 1826 – 26 November 1902) was trained as a civil engineer. However, in Christchurch, New Zealand, he worked as a bureaucrat, politician and businessman. He was one of the Canterbury Pilgrims, having arrived in Lyttelton, on Sir George Seymour, one of the First Four Ships. He was a business partner of Edward Cephas John Stevens and senior partner of Harman and Stevens, and together they took financial control of the Christchurch newspaper The Press from its original proprietor, James FitzGerald, over a protracted period. Harman held many important roles with the Canterbury Provincial Council and was the last Deputy-Superintendent.
Calosoma bulleri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Beheim & Breuning in 1943.
The Constitution Alteration (Trusts) Bill 1912, was an unsuccessful referendum held in 1913 that sought to alter the Australian Constitution to give the Commonwealth legislative power in respect to trusts.
Ferdinando Millini (1590–1644) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Imola (1619–1644).
Margaret Mannion (5 November 1883 – 15 May 1970) was a survivor of the RMS Titanic.
Syria competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar, from 27 September–6 October 2019.
Kalyaneshwari temple at Kalyaneshwari in Asansol Sadar subdivision of Paschim Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Afro-soul is a music genre that has African characteristics of soul music. It has emotional vocals, especially of the lead singer.
Stefan Nicolaas Dercon, , is a Belgian-British economist and a Professor of Economic Policy at the Blavatnik School of Government and the Department of Economics at the University of Oxford. He is also the Director of the Centre for the Study of African Economies. 
In 2011–17, Dercon was the chief economist of the UK Department for International Development (DfID). Before DfID, Dercon was a Professor of Development Economics at Oxford University, and the lead academic for the Ethiopia country programme at the International Growth Centre, which is a research centre based jointly at The London School of Economics and Political Science and the University of Oxford. 
Between 2000-02, he was a Programme Director at the World Institute of Development Economics (WIDER), United Nations University, where he led their research programme on “Insurance against Poverty”. Prior to this, between 1993 and 2000, he was a tenured professor of development economics at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium.
He is a Senior Fellow of the Bureau for Research and Economic Analysis of Development (BREAD), a Research Fellow of Centre for Economic Policy Research (CEPR) and of IZA Institute of Labor Economics, and an Affiliate of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL).
Dercon studied at the Catholic University of Leuven (Belgium), where he obtained a BPhil degree in 1985 and a Licentiate in Economics in 1986. He subsequently received an MPhil in 1988 and a DPhil degree in 1992, both in Economics from the University of Oxford.
In 2018, the Queen awarded him as an Honorary Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) for services to economics and international development. In 2021, because he also acquired British nationality, his honour was converted into a substantive one.
His book, Dull Disasters? How Planning Ahead Will Make A Difference was published in 2016, and provides a blueprint for renewed application of science, improved decision making, better preparedness, and pre-arranged finance in the face of natural disasters.
Charles William "Dub" O'Neill, Jr. is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
Hazelight Studios is a video game development company based in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded by director Josef Fares in 2014, the company is best known for developing cooperative multiplayer games A Way Out and It Takes Two. Both games were published by Electronic Arts under the EA Originals label.
Lotus herbaceus is a herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the genus Lotus of the family Fabaceae. The species includes the plants formerly called Dorycnium herbaceum and Dorycnium jordanii. The flowering period extends from May through July.
Langon is a railway station in Langon, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France. The station opened on 31 May 1854 and is located on the Bordeaux–Sète railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF. The station was also located on the line from Gabarret, which closed in 1923.
Rostov-Yaroslavsky (until 1904 was known as Rostov) is the passenger railway station in Rostov (Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia) and a stop along the Trans-Siberian Railway.


The Artificial Insemination Centre of Quebec (French: Centre d'Insémination artificielle du Québec) (CIAQ) is a limited partnership society founded in 1948 located in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada with the mission of improving through artificial insemination bovine herds used in milk and meat production throughout the province. The CIAQ is currently the sole bovine sperm production facility in Quebec and is the property of the Milk Producers of Quebec (PLQ), the Quebec Council of Milk Producing Breeds (CQRL) and the Provincial Council of Cattle Amelioration Clubs (CPCAB).
The CIAQ provides cattle farmers with bulls from the Ayrshire, Canadienne, Holstein, Jersey and Brown Swiss milk producing breeds along with other beef breeds. Around 800,000 doses of semen from the CIAQ's banks are used yearly by farmers in Quebec, Nova Scotia and around the world through the Semex Alliance, of which the CIAQ is a founding partner with a 45% stake.
Mighty Fatherland, also known as Mighty Homeland or Powerful Homeland (Armenian: Հզոր Հայրենիք, romanized: Hzor Hayrenik) is a political party in Armenia. The founder of the party was Vardan Vardapetyan, but since 2006 has been led by the vice-chairman of the party, Shirak Torosyan. Torosyan is also the President of the Javakhk Patriotic Union.
The Harold Cohen Library is the University of Liverpool's library on the north part of the city centre campus. Its resources cater for students studying within the Faculty of Science & Engineering and the Faculty of Health & Life Sciences, which includes the medical, dental and veterinary science courses. It also contains eight computer centres as well as the Wolfson training suite.
The library was funded by a donation of £100,000 by Harold Cohen, chairman of Lewis's department store and the son of a former Lord Mayor of Liverpool. It was opened on 21 May 1938, in the presence of the Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin. Harold Cohen died, suddenly, in 1936 on the day he was to lay the building's foundation stone and also be conferred with the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws. He was awarded the degree posthumously, the only posthumous award of an honorary degree in the history of the University.
The library's architect was Harold Dod. The frontage on Ashton Street, Liverpool is of Portland stone. It is a Grade II listed building, and features a statue over the entrance entitled 'Learning' by Eric Kennington, also of Portland stone, which depicts a female figure holding a lamp and key in front of an open book.
The library contained 200,000 volumes when opened, but this has now increased to over 500,000, on 12 miles of shelving. Similarly the staffing has increased from 15 to 110. It is a member of the Libraries Together: Liverpool Learning Partnership (evolved from Liverpool Libraries Group) which formed in 1990. Under which, a registered reader at any of the member libraries can have access rights to the other libraries within the partnership.
West Montlake Park is a park in the Montlake neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. The park is bounded on the north by the Montlake Cut, on the west by Portage Bay, on the south by the Seattle Yacht Club marina, and on the east by West Park Drive E. It is connected to East Montlake Park by the 1971 Montlake Cut Waterside Trail, which runs along the cut and passes under the Montlake Bridge.
The park was acquired by the city in 1909.


Eric "Bobo" Correa (born August 27, 1968) is an American percussionist and a member of the hip hop bands Beastie Boys, then Cypress Hill and Ritmo Machine. He performed and recorded with the Beastie Boys through the 1990s.
Majok Machar Deng (born 1 March 1993) is a South Sudanese-Australian professional basketball player for the Tasmania JackJumpers of the National Basketball League (NBL). He played college basketball in the United States for Indian Hills Community College and Louisiana–Monroe. He debuted in the NBL for the Adelaide 36ers in 2016. After three seasons for the 36ers, he joined the Cairns Taipans in 2019 where he spent four seasons.
The 2011 Incarnate Word Cardinals football team represented the University of the Incarnate Word in the 2011 NCAA Division II football season. Home games were played at Gayle and Tom Benson Stadium. They finished the season 2–9, 1–7 in Lone Star play to finish in a tie for sixth place.
The Riksmål Society Literature Prize (Riksmålsforbundets litteraturpris) is awarded annually by the  Riksmålsforbundet for the outstanding publication in riksmål. The prize was awarded until 2002 by the Oslo and Bærum Riksmål League, when it was taken over by the Riksmålsforbundet.


Tokarara is residential suburb located on the North West of Port Moresby, the capital city of Papua New Guinea.
Chuyu or Chu Yu may refer to:

Chuyu (楚語), section of the ancient classics Guoyu
Chu Yu (楚妤), character in Chinese television series General and I
Chūyū Seirogan (忠勇征露丸), Japanese medicine merchant Saichi Nakajima (中島佐一) developed
James Soong (宋楚瑜; Song Chu-yu; born 1942), Taiwanese politician
Liu Chuyu (劉楚玉) (died 466), princess of the Chinese Liu Song dynasty
Mao Chu Yu (毛楚玉), winner of the competition in Chinese television show China's Next Top Model (season 3)
Xue Chuyu (薛楚玉), general of the Chinese rebel state Yan Xue Song's father
"The Seminar" is the fourteenth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy
television series The Office, and the show's 140th episode overall. Written by Steve Hely and directed by B. J. Novak, the episode aired January 27, 2011 on NBC. The episode features Ricky Gervais reprising his role as David Brent, his character from the original British version of The Office, in an uncredited cameo.
In the episode, Andy holds a small business seminar in the office. He asks Kevin, Creed and Kelly to help him while Michael and Holly embrace the opportunity to improv. Meanwhile, Oscar and Pam help Erin in a Scrabble battle against Gabe.
A circuit breaker analyzer is an instrument that measures the parameters of a circuit breaker.
In 1984, Megger patented a digital circuit breaker analyzer, controlled by a microprocessor. in 2020 few companies develop software to control circuit breaker analyzers from different devices such as computers, tablet computer, smartphones and others.
The following tests can be carried out on the circuit breaker: mechanical, thermal, dielectric, short-circuit.
The analyzer operates the circuit breaker under fault current conditions. After finishing the test of the breaker, the system measures currents, voltages and other main parameters of the breaker and through a set algorithm diagnoses the condition of the device under different conditions. The final result of the analysis give information about trip times, essential synchronism of the poles in the different operations of the circuit breaker.
Kyle Field is an American musician who releases material under the moniker Little Wings.
Christian Hebel (born December 29, 1975) is an American violinist, songwriter, arranger and concertmaster. He has appeared on multi-Platinum, Gold, Emmy Award, Academy Awards, Tony Award, and Grammy Award winning recordings as well as film scores and Broadway theatre.
An accomplished live and recorded musician, Christian is also Artistic Director for the National YoungArts Foundation.
Ris-Orangis (French pronunciation: [ʁis ɔʁɑ̃ʒis] ) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 22.6 km (14.0 mi) from the center of Paris.
Inhabitants of Ris-Orangis are known as Rissois.
The Schweizer SGS 2-33 is an American two-seat, high-wing, strut-braced, training glider that was built by Schweizer Aircraft of Elmira, New York.
The 2-33 was designed to replace the Schweizer 2-22, from which it was derived. The aircraft first flew in 1965 and production was started in 1967. Production was completed in 1981.
From its introduction until the late 1980s, the 2-33 was the main training glider used in North America.
Rissoina tenuistriata is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.
Joanne Abbott (born 25 April 1955) is a Canadian sailor. She competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The German national cricket team is the men's team that represents the country of Germany in international cricket. The German Cricket Federation, which organises the team, has been an associate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) since 1999, having previously been an affiliate member from 1991. The team made its international debut against Denmark in 1989, playing as West Germany. It has since played regularly in European Cricket Championship tournaments, as well as twice in the lower divisions of the World Cricket League. In 2001, Germany also competed in the ICC Trophy (now the World Cup Qualifier) for the first and only time. In 2022, they played their first T20 World Cup Global Qualifier.
Peter McNamee (born September 11, 1950 in Jamaica) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward.  He played 175 games in the World Hockey Association with the Vancouver Blazers, Phoenix Roadrunners, and San Diego Mariners.
NSAD may refer to:

Northern Saskatchewan Administration District (NSAD), Saskatchewan, Canada
Nationalsozialistischer Arbeitsdienst (NSAD; German: National Socialist Labor Service) of Nazi Germany, the predecessor to the Reichsarbeitsdienst (RAD): Reich Labour Service
Nuclear Safety Analysis Division (NSAD), part of the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board of India
National Student-Athlete Day (April 6), a celebration promoted by National Consortium for Academics and Sports


Usclas-d'Hérault (French pronunciation: [ysklas deʁo]; Occitan: Usclats d'Erau) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
The A&R Terminal Railroad (ARTR) is a Class III American terminal railroad that serves Morris Transload of Morris, Illinois. ARTR is owned by Quantix (formerly A&R Logistics) and began operations on January 1, 2010. Its main commodity is transloadable products. ARTR interchanges traffic with Canadian National Railway.
The total mileage of track the ARTR owns is approximately 6.25 miles (10.06km).
The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1964 Summer Olympics programme on Lake Sagami, Japan.
The preliminary heats were held on 20 October 1964; 19 kayakers entered and were split into three heats of 6 each (with one heat of 7).  The top three placers in each heat advanced to the semifinal, while the remaining six crews (4 had withdrawn without starting in the heats) had to compete in repechage heats held the same day.  Since there were two repechage heats and three kayakers to advance from each, all of the kayakers who had started in the heats moved on to the semifinals the next day.  Three semifinals, each with five kayakers, were held, with the top three in each heat to advance to the final. The final was held on 22 October.
The Whiteside County Courthouse is a government building in Morrison, the county seat of Whiteside County, Illinois, United States.  Completed in 1987 to replace a 19th-century predecessor, it is the fourth courthouse, in the third community, to serve Whiteside County officials since the county's formation.


The Karaolos prisoner of war camp was a prisoner-of-war camp established in Karaolos, Cyprus in 1916 with the intent of housing Ottoman troops captured during the course of World War I. The Ottomans were repatriated in February 1920, on the same year the camp received refugees of the Russian Civil War housing them for a year. Between 1946 and 1949, Karaolos resumed operation as part of the system of Cyprus internment camps used for the detention of Jewish refugees attempting to settle in Mandatory Palestine.
The Time Warner Cable Amphitheater (formerly Tower City Amphitheater) was an outdoor concert venue and part of the mixed-use Tower City Center development in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. 
The approximately 5,000-seat venue opened in 2001 and closed in March 2011 due to construction related to the Horseshoe Casino Cleveland. The structure later was used for covered parking until it was removed in April 2012.
With a location along the banks of the Cuyahoga River, the structure offered scenic views of the city lights and the river bridges. The amphitheater typically hosted 25–30 events per year, including festivals such as Great American Rib Cook-off and the Taste of Cleveland. Shows sometimes began as early as April and typically ran through September. 
In 2006, the building played host to such acts as Chicago, Rob Zombie, Dave Chappelle and Alice Cooper. 
Time Warner Cable Amphitheater was owned and operated by Live Nation, a company that also runs Jacobs Pavilion and Blossom Music Center.
Kullu–Manali Airport (IATA: KUU, ICAO: VIBR), also called Bhuntar Airport, is a domestic airport serving the cities of Kullu and Manali in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. The airport is located at Bhuntar, 11 km from Kullu town and 52 km from Manali.
The airport is considered a challenging airport for pilots because of its single runway set in a deep valley whose peaks rise several thousand feet higher than the runway. Also, the airport is located on the banks of the river Beas, and in 1995, its flash floods posed a threat to the runway. The new air terminal at Bhuntar was inaugurated in 2008, and the airport apron enlarged to park two aircraft at a time. Kingfisher Airlines ceased operations in September 2012 while Air India Regional resumed its operations to Kullu in May 2013. Himalayan Bulls, in collaboration with Deccan Charters, commenced Kullu-Chandigarh-Kullu flights thrice a day from 2 April 2014. As of April 2024, Alliance Air is the sole airline operating to and from the airport.
Arreo is a hamlet and concejo in the municipality of Ribera Alta/Erriberagoitia, in Álava province, Basque Country, Spain. It gives its name to the only natural lake in the Basque Country.
Martin vom Brocke (born 25 July 1969) is a Swiss dentist, orthodontist and book author.
Melvin Coleman (January 1, 1911 – April 22, 1968) was an American Negro league shortstop in the 1930s.
A native of Charlotte, North Carolina, Coleman played for the Birmingham Black Barons in 1937. In 19 recorded games for Birmingham, he posted 18 hits in 65 plate appearances. Coleman later had a brief stint with the Atlanta Black Crackers in 1944. He died in Charlotte, North Carolina in 1968 at age 57.
Lenzie and Kirkintilloch South is one of the seven wards used to elect members of the East Dunbartonshire Council. It elects three Councillors. Its territory (which has not altered since its creation in 2007) consists of the village of Lenzie including the modern development at Woodilee, plus the contiguous southern parts of Kirkintilloch (neighbourhoods south of the Forth and Clyde Canal and the Luggie Water including Gallowhill, Oxgang and Townhead). In 2020, the ward had a population of 13,475.
Conoteuthis is a genus of belemnite, an extinct group of cephalopods.
Moyna is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Tamluk subdivision of Purba Medinipur district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Christopher Frederick Pusey (28 March 1950 – October 2002) was an international motorcycle speedway rider from England. He earned 51 international caps for the England national speedway team.
The Berufsgenossenschaftliches Universitätsklinikum Bergmannsheil (Bergmannsheil University Hospitals), full German name "Berufsgenossenschaftliches Universitätsklinikum Bergmannsheil GmbH", also referred to as "Bergmannsheil", formerly known as "Bergbau-Berufsgenossenschaftliche Krankenanstalten Bergmannsheil", is a tertiary teaching hospital in Bochum (NRW, Germany). It is a hospital of the Ruhr-University Bochum and part of the University Hospitals of the Ruhr-University of Bochum.
The Bergmannsheil is the world's oldest and also the largest emergency hospital.


BeWe TuusKi is a Finnish ice hockey team from Tuusula, Finland, playing in the Suomi-sarja league. It plays home games at the Talosyke Areena.
Joyce Mbui, is a Kenyan  lawyer, who is a Partner at Coulson Harney LLP, a law firm, based in Nairobi, Kenya's capital city. Coulson Harney LLP, is a member of the Bowman Law Firm Network, headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa, with offices in Cape Town, Dar es Salaam, Durban, Kampala and Nairobi.
Ms Joyce Mbui is qualified as an English solicitor of England and Wales as well as an advocate of the High Court of Kenya. She is a member of the Law Society of Kenya and the Law Society of England and Wales.
The Zaandam–Enkhuizen railway is a railway line in the Netherlands running from Zaandam to Enkhuizen, passing through Purmerend and Hoorn. The line was opened between 1884 and 1885 by the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij.
Szudziałowo [ʂud͡ʑaˈwɔvɔ] is a village in Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Szudziałowo. It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) south-east of Sokółka and 40 km (25 mi) north-east of the regional capital Białystok.


Mesnil-Saint-Nicaise (French pronunciation: [menil sɛ̃ nikɛz]) is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Isooncodine is an anticholinergic alkaloid.  It was first synthesized in 1989 because it is an isomer of oncodine, an azafluorenone alkaloid derived from Meiogyne monosperma. It was first derived from the leaves of Polyalthia longifolia.
Long Lake Helms Seaplane Base (FAA LID: NY9) is a privately owned, public use seaplane based on Long Lake in the Town of Long Lake, Hamilton County, New York, United States.
Kaoh Pong Satv (Khmer: កោះពងសត្វ) is a khum (commune) of Serei Saophoan District in Banteay Meanchey Province in north-western Cambodia.
The scrofa semilanuta (English: "half-woollen boar") is an ancient emblem of the city of Milan, Italy, dating back at least to the Middle Ages — and, according to a local legend, to the very foundation of Milan. Several ancient sources (including Sidonius Apollinaris, Datius, and, more recently, Andrea Alciato) have argued that the scrofa semilanuta is connected to the etymology of the ancient name of Milan, "Mediolanum", and this is still occasionally mentioned in modern sources, although this interpretation has long been dismissed by scholars.
The adoption of the half-woolly sow as an emblem of Milan is associated to a legend about the foundation of the city. According to this legend (which partially draws from Livy's writings), the founder of Milan was a Gaul prince named Belloveso. Belloveso reached the Po Valley following a vision he had had in a dream, where a goddess showed him the place where the city would rise. In this dream, he saw a sow with unusually long wool on the front half of its body. Other ancient sources (most notably the aforementioned Alciato, who in turns credits Ambrose for his account) report that the half-woolly sow is actually a sort of Chimera — half boar and half ram — and that the emblem came about when the Bituriges and the Aedui, having as their emblems a ram and a boar respectively, joined in the Po Valley. 
The origin of the legend of scrofa semilanuta and the circumstances of its adoption as an emblem of Milan are a very controversial matter for scholars. A key element of this controversy is a bas relief affixed to the walls of the Palazzo della Ragione, former broletto (administrative building) of the medieval commune of Milan. The bas relief is reportedly a medieval copy of an older one, found during the excavations when the Palazzo was built (1228–1233). It has been argued that the legend of the scrofa semilanuta, in its current form, might have come about as a consequence of that particular finding as well as the patriotic enthusiasm for the newly conquered independence of Milan as a commune, elaborating on the old legends about the etymology of "Mediolanum". The bas relief itself might just represent a boar, which in turn was a very common emblem in Western Europe. In any case, the "scrofa semilanuta" was thereafter adopted as the main emblem of Milan, at least until the advent of the biscione of the House of Visconti. Another (more recent) representation of the "scrofa semilanuta" is found in the internal courtyard of Palazzo Marino (Milan's city hall).
Live @ Warp10 is a collection of songs recorded during the performance of Scottish electronic music duo Boards of Canada at the Warp Records 10th anniversary party. The performance took place at the Chainstore, Trinity Buoy Wharf, London. The WARP 10th birthday live performances were broadcast live on the internet by Gaia Live (gaialive.com) and produced on location by Tim Read.
The collection is notable in that it features two songs that had not been heard before; the names of which are still unknown. As a result of its recording process, the collection is not endorsed by Boards of Canada. Also, the track "The Color of the Fire" is not the same as heard on Music Has the Right to Children, it is an entirely different track. It was mislabeled when the MP3's were released and has not been changed since.


James Christopher Perry (born September 27, 1961) is an American professional golfer. He has been featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Ranking.
Tiger Lake is a lake in Redwood County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
According to Warren Upham, Tiger Lake was probably named on account of settlers seeing cougars in the area.
Wong Keng Liang (born 16 June 1958) is a Malaysian animal smuggler, known as the "Lizard King" or the "Pablo Escobar of animal trafficking" from the book The Lizard King by Bryan Christy. He was arrested after running the biggest global animal smuggling ring to be taken down.
He founded a reptile export company in the early 1980s and by the end of the decade had established a large network of illegal wildlife trafficking operations from his base in Penang, where wildlife protection laws were weak and rarely enforced. He was targeted by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in Operation Chameleon from 1995, which eventually saw him extradited to the United States from Mexico to be sentenced to 71 months in prison in June 2001. He resumed his smuggling operations upon his release, before being arrested by the Malaysian authorities in 2010. He was released in 2012 after securing a successful appeal against the length of his sentence. Despite having had many of his animals seized during his recent arrest, he is believed to have once again resumed illegally smuggling wildlife since his release.
Lawley is a township in the Gauteng province of South Africa and is some 8 km south of Lenasia. Named after Sir Arthur Lawley, Lieutenant-Governor of Transvaal from 1902 to 1906, when he became Governor of Madras.
The 53rd Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 1832 during the governorship of Levi Lincoln Jr. William Thorndike served as president of the Senate and William B. Calhoun served as speaker of the House.
Edgar Catalino Zaracho Zorrilla (born 25 November 1989) is a Paraguayan football defender who plays for Sportivo Ameliano in the Primera División Paraguaya.
Troy Robert Sadowski (born December 8, 1965) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Georgia. A sixth round selection (145th overall) of the 1989 NFL draft, Sadowski played for the Atlanta Falcons (1990), the Kansas City Chiefs (1991), the New York Jets (1992–1993), the Cincinnati Bengals (1994–1996), the Pittsburgh Steelers (1997–1998), and the Jacksonville Jaguars (1998).
Jean Androuet du Cerceau (c.1585–1650) was a French architect, the son of Jean Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau, the outstanding Parisian architect of his generation.
Cerceau the younger is known for his hôtels particuliers in Paris. One, the most famous, is the Hôtel de Sully (1624–29), ranged symmetrically round a deep entrance court off the rue St-Antoine, which was commissioned by the financier Mesme Gallet and bought after its completion by Henri IV's faithful minister. Sculpted figures in high relief set against recessed panels alternate with pedimented windows. Another is the Hôtel de Bretonvilliers (1637–43). He added the divided horseshoe staircase to the main entrance of Fontainebleau (1632–34).
The daughter of Jacques I Androuet du Cerceau married the architect Jean de Brosse (architect), father of Salomon de Brosse, architect of the Palais du Luxembourg, Paris.
The 1999 Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour supported his second studio album, I've Been Expecting You and the compilation disc, The Ego Has Landed. Beginning in May 1999, the tour played over 40 shows in North America and Europe. The tour was launched to capitalise on the success of "Angels" in the United States and Canada. The tour also marks Williams's only concert performances in those territories.
Officially, the tour was known as Man, The Myth, The Tax Bill (a.k.a. Born To Be Mild), A Few Dollars More… and Get Your Coat Baby, You've Pulled!.
Tsukasa Kobonoki (born 4 December 1991) is a Japanese biathlete.
Gentilly may refer to:
The Rouen Business School (French: Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Rouen) was a leading French business school.
It was founded in 1871. On 24 April 2013, Rouen Business School and Reims Management School announced the merger of the two schools into a single entity - NEOMA Business School.
Rouen Business School's quality is recognised by its "triple-crown" accreditations (AACSB, AMBA, EQUIS) and its Financial Times' ranking 13th position best European Master in Management. The Financial Times also highlights the particular quality of the education it provides in finance, ranking the "Grande Ecole" program 8th best in Europe and 4th best in France.
The Karamagara Bridge (Turkish: Karamağara Köprüsü, "Bridge of the Black Cave") is a Byzantine or late Roman bridge in the ancient region of Cappadocia in eastern Turkey, and possibly the earliest known pointed arch bridge.
The bridge, along with much of the Arapgir Çayı valley, has been submerged since the completion of the Keban Dam in 1975, as a result of which the water level in the Euphrates valley and some of its upstream tributaries dramatically rose.
Studiosity is an academic writing feedback and peer mentoring service.
The following television stations broadcast on digital channel 20 in Mexico:

XHCHD-TDT in Ciudad Delicias, Chihuahua
XHCHU-TDT in Ciudad Cuauhtémoc, Chihuahua
XHCIP-TDT in Cuernavaca, Morelos
XHCK-TDT in Chilpancingo, Guerrero
XHCTCA-TDT in Campeche, Campeche
XHCTJA-TDT in Xalapa, Veracruz
XHCTVI-TDT in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas
XHCVP-TDT in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz
XHENT-TDT in Ensenada, Baja California
XHGEM-TDT in Toluca, Mexico
XHGST-TDT in Guaymas, Sonora
XHILA-TDT in Mexicali, Baja California
XHJBT-TDT in San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec, Oaxaca
XHO-TDT in Torreón, Coahuila
XHPBCN-TDT in Cancún, Quintana Roo
XHPN-TDT in Piedras Negras, Coahuila
XHSPA-TDT in Sahuaripa, Sonora
XHSPRCE-TDT in Celaya, Guanajuato
XHSPRGA-TDT in Guadalajara, Jalisco
XHSTC-TDT in Saltillo, Coahuila
XHTMCH-TDT in Chetumal, Quintana Roo
XHTMNL-TDT in Agualeguas, Nuevo León
XHTTG-TDT in the state of Chiapas
XHZAC-TDT in Zacatecas, Zacatecas
XHZAP-TDT in Zacatlán, Puebla
The Chocavento Tower (Edificio Chocavento) is a high-rise office building located in the San Isidro district of Lima, Peru, built in 2001. At a height of 107 meters, is the third highest building in Peru, surpassed by the "Centro Civico de Lima" (Civic center of Lima) at 109 meters, the "Westin Libertador Hotel" at 120 meters and the "Banco Continental (BBVA) Building" at 132 meters.
The Chocavento building has 25 storeys above ground and five below ground. Its construction cost US$15.3 million.


Rebarthi, or Rebarthy, is a village in Maddur mandal, Siddipet district, Telangana, India. It is located to the southeast of the district headquarter Siddipet, at an average elevation of 449 metres above the sea level. The population of the village was 2,875 in 2011.


Malwattage Celestine Violet Savitri Gunatilleke (born July 30, 1945) is professor emeritus at the University of Peradeniya in Sri Lanka's Central Province. She has had a long career in forest ecology and has been a leader in quantitative ecology and education. Most of her research has focused in the Sinharaja rain forest in Sri Lanka. She considers her main contribution to forest ecology to be spreading the idea that successful forest conservation depends on local conservationists. In line with this, she is proud of her students and their accomplishments in the field of conservation.
Kent was a federal electoral district in New Brunswick, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1867 to 1968. It was created by the British North America Act of 1867.
It consisted of the County of Kent. It was abolished in 1966 when it was redistributed into Northumberland—Miramichi and Westmorland—Kent ridings.
Shahid Bahonar Metro Station is a station on Isfahan Metro Line 1. The station opened on 15 October 2015. It is located at 25 Aban Square along Kaveh Boulevard in Isfahan. The next station on the north side is Shahid Chamran Station and on the south side Shohada Station.
Emmanuelle Chaulet is a French actress. She starred in Eric Rohmer's 1987 comedy Boyfriends and Girlfriends and Jon Jost's 1990 film All the Vermeers in New York.
Catherine E. Davidson lived in the United States during the Civil War Era. Davidson dressed up like a man to join the Union Army and stay close to her fiancé. She fought in the Battle of Antietam and was seriously wounded. Because of this injury, she did not go back into the army. Soon after she was found out to be a woman.
1,4-Dichloro-2-nitrobenzene is an organic compound with the formula C6H3Cl2NO2. One of several isomers of dichloronitrobenzene, it is a yellow solid that is insoluble in water.  It is produced by nitration of 1,4-dichlorobenzene.  It is a precursor to many derivatives of commercial interest. Hydrogenation gives 1,4-dichloroaniline.  Nucleophiles displace the chloride adjacent to the nitro group: ammonia gives the aniline derivative, aqueous base gives the phenol derivative, and methoxide gives the anisole derivative.  These compounds are respectively 4-chloro-2-nitroaniline, 4-chloro-2-nitrophenol, and 4-chloro-2-nitroanisole.
Villa Esplanada (Chinese: 灝景灣) is a private housing estate developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties, China Resources and Cheung Kong on Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong. It locates on the relocated oil depots on the former island Nga Ying Chau. It is close to Ching Wang Court, Tsing Yi station of MTR and Airport Express. The flats were sold in three phases.
The estate is a rough 7-minute walk to the nearby Tsing Yi station, and MTR mall Maritime Square.
It consists of ten blocks of high-rise buildings surrounded by a terrace of green plants and trees, adjacent to the seashore.
The estate contains a clubhouse that contains a small restaurant, an indoor swimming pool, an outdoor swimming pool, a gym, an indoor sports arena, a squash court, a table tennis room, a kids play area, as well as a garden and a barbecue area. Within the changing rooms, there are both saunas and steam rooms.
Mary Potter may refer to:

Mary Potter (nun) (1847–1913), British nurse and nun
Mary Potter (painter) (1900–1981), English painter
Mary C. Potter (born 1930), American psychologist
Mary D' Potter, a 2001 Philippine television series
Küçükmehmet is a village in the Düzce District of Düzce Province in Turkey. Its population is 538 (2022).
LA-17 Bagh-IV is a constituency of the Azad Kashmir Legislative Assembly which is currently represented by Raja Faisal Mumtaz Rathore of the Pakistan People's Party (PPP). It covers the whole area of Haveli District.
The 4x4 Beach volleyball World Games Tournament was first Contested in the 1st World Beach Games Event in Qatar, Doha for both genders men and women.
Television in Spain was introduced in 1956, when the national state-owned public service television broadcaster Televisión Española (TVE) started regular analog free-to-air terrestrial black and white broadcasts. Colour transmissions started in 1972 after two years of test transmissions, with all programming transmitted in color in 1977, and colour commercials starting in 1978. TVE held a monopoly on television broadcasting until regional public channels were launched during the 1980s and commercial television started nationwide in 1990. Digital terrestrial television was launched on 30 November 2005 with analog service discontinued on 3 April 2010. Currently, television is one of the leading mass media of the country, and by 2008 was in 99.7% of households in Spain according to INE statistics.
Until recently terrestrial television was considered an essential public service. Broadcasting is managed both directly by the State and indirectly, through controlled concessions to private companies. The Audiovisual Law of 2010 changed this by defining radio and television as commercial services that individuals pay for, fostering liberalization within some constraints.
Semi-solid metal casting (SSM) is a near net shape variant of die casting. The process is used today with non-ferrous metals, such as aluminium, copper, and magnesium. It can work with higher temperature alloys that lack suitable die materials. The process combines the advantages of casting and forging.The process is named after the fluid property thixotropy, which is the phenomenon that allows this process to work. Thixotropic fluids flow when sheared, but thicken when standing. The potential for this type of process was first recognized in the early 1970s. Its three variants are thixocasting, rheocasting, and thixomolding. SIMA refers to a specialized process to prepare aluminum alloys for thixocasting using hot and cold working.
SSM is done at a temperature that puts the metal between its liquidus and solidus temperature, ideally 30 to 65% solid. The mixture must have low viscosity to be usable, and to reach this low viscosity the material needs a globular primary surrounded by the liquid phase. The temperature range depends on the material and for aluminum alloys can be as much as 50 °C, but for narrow melting range copper alloys can be only several tenths of a degree.
SSM is typically used for high-end applications. For aluminum alloys, typical parts include structural medical and aerospace parts, pressure containing parts, defense parts, engine mounts, air manifold sensor harnesses, engine blocks, and oil pump filter housings.
The Voice of the City is a 1929 American Pre-Code film by Willard Mack and starring Robert Ames. Modeled on a stage play, it is not related to the story of the same name by O. Henry.
The film became available on DVD on January 31, 2012 from the Warner Archive collection.
Fuerza Ecuador (Spanish: Ecuador's Force) was a political party in Ecuador.
Tenaturris decora is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
In the field of storage area networks, the iSCSI Management API (IMA) is a SNIA's standard for managing both iSCSI initiators and hosts containing them.
The Camillians or Clerics Regular, Ministers to the Sick (Latin: Clerci Regulari Ministeri Infirmaribus) are a Catholic religious order founded in 1582 by St. Camillus de Lellis (1550-1614). A large red cross was chosen by the founder as the distinguishing badge for the members of the Order to wear upon their black cassocks, which was later adopted as the international symbol of medical care. In the past, because of the red cross on their apparel, they were also referred to as the Crociferi. As of 2018, 1080 Camillians serve in 35 countries. They use the postnominal initials of M.I. (Ministri degli Infermi).
Gajedi Taal is a lake in the Gajedi VDC of southern Nepal located close to Lumbini. It lies just 3 km (1.9 mi) south of Mahendra Highway. The lake spreads over 4.5 km2 (1.7 sq mi) and is surrounded by forest.
A plotter is a machine that produces vector graphics drawings. Plotters draw lines on paper using a pen, or in some applications, use a knife to cut a material like vinyl or leather. In the latter case, they are sometimes known as a cutting plotter.
In the past, plotters were used in applications such as computer-aided design, as they were able to produce line drawings much faster and of a higher quality than contemporary conventional printers. Smaller desktop plotters were often used for business graphics. Printers with graphics capabilities took away some of the market by the early 1980s, and the introduction of laser printers in the mid-1980s largely eliminated the use of plotters from most roles.
Plotters retained a niche for producing very large drawings for many years, but have now largely been replaced by wide-format conventional printers. Cutting plotters remain in use in a number of industries.


François Courson de la Villehelio was chief of Yanam in what is today India during French colonial rule. 
De la Villehelio was born at Île-de-France in 1791. His parents were François-Thérès Courson de la Villehelio and Amélie Courson de la Villehelio (née de Kersauson du Vijac). 
De la Villehelio was nominated by King Louis XVIII as Chief of Yanam on 21 July 1814. A royal decree dated 9 June 1824 relieved him of his duties. However his term ended on 19 April 1825. De la Villehelio remained in Yanam until his death on 28 May 1830. 
In Yanam, the village Coursonpeta (now Kurasampeta) was named in De la Villehelio's  honor.
CARINE (Computer Aided Reasoning Engine) is a first-order classical logic automated theorem prover. It was initially built for the study of the enhancement effects of the strategies delayed clause-construction (DCC) and attribute sequences (ATS) in a depth-first search based algorithm. CARINE's main search algorithm is semi-linear resolution (SLR) which is based on an iteratively-deepening depth-first search (also known as depth-first iterative-deepening (DFID)) and used in theorem provers like THEO. SLR employs DCC to achieve a high inference rate, and ATS to reduce the search space.
Gregory Scott Daves (October 17, 1974 – March 20, 2015) was an American professional wrestler. He was best known by his ring name Cincinnati Red.
Violin Concerto in E major may refer to:

"La primavera" (Spring), RV 269, the first of "Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione" (Vivaldi)
Violin Concerto in E major (Bach)
Violin Concerto No. 3 (Paganini)
Ng Yi Sheng (simplified Chinese: 黄毅圣; traditional Chinese: 黄毅聖; pinyin: Huáng Yì Shèng; born 1980) is a Singaporean gay writer.  He has published a collection of his poems entitled last boy, which won the Singapore Literature Prize, and a documentary book on gay, lesbian and bisexual Singaporeans called SQ21: Singapore Queers in the 21st Century in 2006.
Oil production and smuggling was the largest source of revenue for the finances of the Islamic State (IS or ISIS) in Syria and Iraq until the complete loss of its territory in 2019. Most oil extracted was distributed for use within the Islamic State, but some was also smuggled to surrounding states at below market price.
Oil products, e.g. petrol and mazout, were the backbone of the economy of ISIL-controlled areas, with mazout being the preferred power source for small-scale electricity generators. Not all energy production was provided by oil, and some electric power supply was continued to Syrian government-held areas.
Oil production in the Islamic State developed over time, reaching its peak in 2014. Due to military interventions, IS subsequently lost all of its territory in Syria and Iraq.
Jewish Institute for Global Awareness (JIFGA), known before 2015 as Jews Offering New Alternatives for Healing (JONAH), was a Jewish non-profit organization which offered conversion therapy to persons who sought sexual orientation change. JONAH stated that it was "dedicated to educating the world-wide Jewish community about the social, cultural and emotional factors which lead to same-sex attractions". JONAH's leaders disagreed with the consensus of mainstream science and the world's major mental health organizations who say that non-heterosexual sexual orientation is not a disorder.
In 2015, a landmark trial found that JONAH's claims to be able to change sexual orientation constituted consumer fraud. The organization was ordered to pay restitution to the plaintiffs and shut down within thirty days. Eleven days after the verdict, the founders created a conversion therapy organization called JIFGA using JONAH's assets. In June 2019, a New Jersey judge ordered JIFGA to shut down within thirty days and pay $3.5 million to victims.
The Northern People's Congress (NPC) is a political party in Nigeria. Formed in June 1943, the party held considerable influence in the Northern Region from the 1950s until the military coup of 1966. It was formerly a cultural organization known as Jamiyaar Mutanen Arewa. After the Nigerian Civil War of 1967, the NPC subsequently became a minor party.
The 1990 Boston College Eagles football team represented Boston College as an independent during the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Eagles were led by head coach Jack Bicknell, in his 10th and final season with Boston College, and played their home games at Alumni Stadium in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. This was the last season in which Boston College competed as an independent, as the Big East Conference, of which the Eagles were a founding member, began sponsoring football in 1991.
The Youchang Forest Park (traditional Chinese: 右昌森林公園; simplified Chinese: 右昌森林公园; pinyin: Yòuchāng Sēnlín Gōngyuán) is an urban park in Nanzih District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.


Sacred Heart Church is a historic church, part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago, located in the South Deering neighborhood in Chicago, United States. It is located at 2864 East 96th Street. The church services are in Croatian and English.
The Research Council of Norway's Award for Excellence in Communication of Science (Norwegian: Norges forskningsråds formidlingspris) is awarded annually by the Research Council of Norway, a Norwegian government body. According to its bylaws, the prize is to be given in order to "reward and stimulate the dissemination of research to a broad audience. The dissemination must be of high quality in both form and content." The price is worth 500000 kr.
The Active Eye was a 1975 exhibition of work by contemporary New Zealand photographers, originated by the Manawatu Art Gallery in Palmerston North and touring to other galleries around New Zealand. The exhibition was one of the first to focus on contemporary photography in New Zealand, and attracted considerable controversy around the works included by artist Fiona Clark.
Laurence de la Ferrière (born 1957) is a French mountaineer, explorer and writer. After breaking the woman's world record for altitude without oxygen on Mount Everest in 1992, in 1997 she became the first French woman to reach the South Pole alone, covering some 1,400 km (870 miles) in 57 days. More recently she has coordinated work at the French Antarctic station Dumont d'Urville.
Natalie Kingston (born Natalia Ringstrom; May 19, 1905 – February 2, 1991) was an American actress.


In enzymology, an UDP-glucose—glycoprotein glucose phosphotransferase (EC 2.7.8.19) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction

UDP-glucose + glycoprotein D-mannose 
  
    
      
        ⇌
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }
  
 UMP + glycoprotein 6-(D-glucose-1-phospho)-D-mannose
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are UDP-glucose and glycoprotein D-mannose, whereas its two products are UMP and glycoprotein 6-(D-glucose-1-phospho)-D-mannose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring non-standard substituted phosphate groups.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is UDP-glucose:glycoprotein-D-mannose glucosephosphotransferase. Other names in common use include UDP-glucose:glycoprotein glucose-1-phosphotransferase, GlcPTase, Glc-phosphotransferase, and uridine diphosphoglucose-glycoprotein glucose-1-phosphotransferase.
Saint-Éloi (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃.t‿elwa]; Limousin: Sent Alec) is a commune in the Creuse department in central France.
Rosa Maria Luísa Gala (born 17 April 1995) is an Angolan female basketball player.
Born in Lubango, Gala was selected to play for the Angola women's national basketball team that won bronze at the 2011 FIBA Africa Under-16 Championship. the following year she was selected for the 2012 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship. She was selected for the Angola women's national basketball team's pre-squad for the 2013 Afrobasket but was later dismissed for failing to meet age requirements.
Gala's club side, C.D. Primeiro de Agosto, came second in the 2013 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup. She again represented Angola in basketball at the 2014 Lusophony Games, winning silver. She also played for Angola at the 2014 FIBA World Championship for Women and in basketball at the 2015 African Games – Women's tournament.
Windham Bay is located 45 miles (72 km) southeast of Juneau, in the U.S. state of Alaska. Windham Bay is listed as site 6 within Southeast Alaska's Zone 3 of the Alaska Dept. of Environmental Conservation's Geographic Response Strategy oil spill response plan [1].  Part of the bay is a protected wilderness area; the Chuck River Wilderness, established in 1990 by the United States Congress, covers an area of 74,506 acres (30,152 ha). The Chuck River flows into Windham Bay, which has a protected anchorage north of Port Houghton, where the historic Chuck Mining Camp once operated.
Tom Guinn (born 1 September 1944) is a Canadian sports shooter. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics (Canada) and the 1984 Summer Olympics (USA).
Bulbophyllum tripetalum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.


Tell City Jr.-Sr. High School is a public school in Tell City, Indiana.
Rakhiot Peak is a peak in the Himalayas range of the Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. It is one of the many subsidiary summits of the Nanga Parbat massif.


Shawnee Council may be:

Shawnee Council (Ohio)
Shawnee Council (Oklahoma)
The tit-like dacnis (Xenodacnis parina) is a small neotropical passerine bird found in southern Ecuador and Peru. In Spanish, it is known as Azulito Altoandino. It is found in Andean montane scrub forests from 3000 m to 4600 m elevation.
Adults reach 12.5 cm in length. Males are solid deep blue with dark eyes, bill, and feet. Females of all subspecies are duller, with rufous-brown underparts.
Safebreakers is a technological game show presented by Ben Shephard. It was broadcast on Sky1 from 15 August to 3 October 2011.
Highway engineering (also known as roadway engineering and street engineering) is a professional engineering discipline branching from the civil engineering subdiscipline of transportation engineering that involves the planning, design, construction, operation, and maintenance of roads, highways, streets, bridges, and tunnels to ensure safe and effective transportation of people and goods. Highway engineering became prominent towards the latter half of the 20th century after World War II. Standards of highway engineering are continuously being improved. Highway engineers must take into account future traffic flows, design of highway intersections/interchanges, geometric alignment and design, highway pavement materials and design, structural design of pavement thickness, and pavement maintenance.
Golovatenko is a Russian-language surname Головатенко. Notable people with the surname include:

Jekaterina Golovatenko (born 1979), Estonian former competitive figure skater
Nikolai Golovatenko (born 1963), Soviet former racing cyclist
My Hero is a 1990 Hong Kong crime action comedy film directed by Bryan Leung, who also served as action director and acts in a supporting role in the film. The film stars Stephen Chow, Ann Bridgewater and Wilson Lam.
Leaf warblers are small insectivorous passerine birds belonging to the genus Phylloscopus.
Leaf warblers were formerly included in the Old World warbler family but are now considered to belong to the family Phylloscopidae, introduced in 2006. The family originally included the genus Seicercus, but all species have been moved to Phylloscopus in the most recent classification. Leaf warblers are active, constantly moving, often flicking their wings as they glean the foliage for insects along the branches of trees and bushes. They forage at various levels within forests, from the top canopy to the understorey. Most of the species are markedly territorial both in their summer and winter quarters. Most are greenish or brownish above and off-white or yellowish below. Compared to some other "warblers", their songs are very simple. Species breeding in temperate regions are usually strongly migratory.
Eusphecia pimplaeformis is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in Bulgaria, the Republic of Macedonia and Greece, as well as Turkey, Iran, the Caucasus and Iraq.
The larvae feed on Populus alba and sometimes Salix species. They mine the trunks of their host plant.
Rangapur Bartabaha (Bengali: রঙ্গপুর বার্ত্তাবহ) was a weekly newspaper published in East Bengal. It was published from August 1847 (Bhadra, 1254 BS) until 1854 with funding from Kalichandra Ray, the zamindar of Pargana Kundi. It was the first Bangla weekly newspaper published in East Bengal.


The London Paper (stylised as thelondonpaper) was a free daily newspaper, published by NI Free Newspapers Ltd, a subsidiary of News International (who also own the companies that publish The Sun and The Times). It was available from Monday to Friday each week in Central London from 4 September 2006 until 18 September 2009 (its final print-run before closure).
"Cater 2 U" is a song recorded by American group Destiny's Child for their fifth and final studio album Destiny Fulfilled (2004). The song was written by group members Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams along with Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, Ricky "Ric Rude" Lewis and Robert Waller, with Beyoncé, Rude and Jerkins handling its production. An R&B ballad talking about a woman's desire to cater to the male love interest of her life, "Cater 2 U" contains synthesizers in its instrumentation. A lawsuit filled by singer-songwriter Rickey Allen in 2006 claimed the group only recorded a cover of the song, which was originally his; however, the case was settled in 2009. 
"Cater 2 U" was released as the fourth and final single from Destiny Fulfilled on June 7, 2005, by Columbia Records and Sony Urban Music. It received mixed reviews from music critics who, despite generally praising its composition and the group members' vocal performances, criticized the lyrical content. The song was nominated in two categories at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards (2006) and received an award for Best R&B/Soul Single, Group, Band or Duo at the 2006 Soul Train Music Awards. Commercially, it peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard Hot 100, being certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
The accompanying music video for the song was directed by Jake Nava and filmed at the Red Rock Canyon State Park in California. It features the trio at a desert, with each member singing at a separate set and later a choreographed dance during the chorus. To further promote "Cater 2 U", Destiny's Child performed the song during several televised appearances and at the 2005 BET Awards. In addition, "Cater 2 U" was added to the set list of Destiny's Child's final tour Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin' It (2005). Both Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland performed the song during their solo tours after Destiny's Child's disbandment. A cover version of "Cater 2 U" was performed by Usher and Babyface at the 2005 World Music Awards as a tribute to the group, due to their disbandment.
Willis Hall is a historic building on the campus of Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, United States.  It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Willis Hall was the first building specifically built for the college.  The first students started attending classes at the former American House hotel in Northfield in 1867, but the building had some serious mechanical problems. Construction of a new building began in 1868, but construction was slow and halted before the building could be erected due to lack of funds. The president of the college, James W. Strong, traveled to New England in 1870 for a fundraising tour.  After Strong was injured in a railroad accident and subsequently recovered from his injuries, benefactor William Carleton donated $50,000 to the college to insure its survival.  His wife, Susan Willis Carleton, donated $10,000 to help clear the construction debt of the college's the first permanent building. The building was named Willis Hall in her honor. It was designed in the French Second Empire style by a prominent Minneapolis architecture firm, Alden and Howe. The upper floor was a men's dormitory, the first floor a chapel, and the rest of the building was lecture space and library.
On December 23 1879, a fire ravaged the building, gutting it entirely. It was rebuilt with minor changes to the exterior, as well as improvements to the chapel, a new classroom, and a furnace. From 1954 to 1979, Willis officially operated as the campus student union, and it housed the campus bookstore, the post office, a game room, a darkroom, lounges, and the KARL radio station (now known as KRLX). Currently, the building houses the economics department, the education studies department and the department of political science.
Josh Earl may refer to:

Josh Earl (comedian)
Josh Earl (footballer)
Park Joon-Gang (Korean: 박준강; born 6 June 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a right back for Gwangju FC.
Legal advice is the giving of a professional or formal opinion regarding the substance or procedure of the law in relation to a particular factual situation. The provision of legal advice will often involve analyzing a set of facts and advising a person to take a specific course of action based on the applicable law.
Legal advice is ordinarily provided in exchange for financial or other tangible compensation. Advice given without remuneration is normally referred to as being pro bono publico (in the public good), or simply pro bono.
In the common law systems, it is usually received from a solicitor, barrister or lawyer; in civil law systems it is given by advocates, lawyers or other professionals (such as tax experts, professional advisors, etc.).
In some countries, legal advice is subject to the possession of a specific licence; in others, it is simply subject to the general regulation of professional obligation and can be provided by any person, who will usually be legally responsible for the provided advice. The UK's Legal Services Act 2007 includes the giving of legal advice within the definition of unreserved legal activities, which means that it can be provided by any person, not just an officer of the court. However, if it is provided by a lawyer or another person authorised by one of the front line legal services regulators, then this activity is included within their regulatory reach.
With the advent of the internet, many services have been established to provide individuals the power to conduct their own legal research or prepare their own legal documents.
HMS Vanguard was a British fast battleship built during the Second World War and commissioned after the war ended. She was the largest and fastest of the Royal Navy's battleships, and the only ship of her class. Vanguard was the last battleship to be built in history.
The Royal Navy anticipated being outnumbered by the combined German and Japanese battleships in the early 1940s, and had therefore started building the Lion-class battleships. However, the time-consuming construction of the triple-16-inch (406 mm) turrets for the Lion class would delay their completion until 1943 at the earliest. The British had enough 15-inch (381 mm) guns and turrets in storage to allow one ship of a modified Lion-class design with four twin-15-inch turrets to be completed faster than the Lion-class vessels that had already been laid down. Work on Vanguard was started and stopped several times during the war, and her design was revised several times during her construction to reflect war experience. These stoppages and changes prevented her from being completed before the end of the war.
Vanguard's first task after completing her sea trial at the end of 1946 was, early the next year, to convey King George VI and his family on the first Royal Tour of South Africa by a reigning monarch. While refitting after her return, she was selected for another Royal Tour of Australia and New Zealand in 1948. This was cancelled due to King George's declining health and Vanguard briefly became flagship of the Mediterranean Fleet in early 1949. After her return home in mid-1949, she became flagship of the Home Fleet Training Squadron. Throughout her career, the battleship usually served as the flagship of any unit to which she was assigned. During the early 1950s, Vanguard was involved in a number of training exercises with NATO forces. In 1953 she participated in Queen Elizabeth II's Coronation Review. While she was refitting in 1955, the Admiralty announced that the ship was going to be put into reserve upon completion of the work. Vanguard was sold for scrap and was broken up beginning in 1960.
Bill Maskill Jr. is an American college football coach and former player. He was the head football coach for Midwestern State University from 2002 to 2023. Maskill served as the head football coach at Southeast Missouri State University from 1988 to 1989.
Aliande is a village in the Doufelgou Prefecture in the Kara Region  of north-eastern Togo.
Adventurer is a 1980 board game published by Yaquinto Publications.
César Dario Pérez Hernández (born September 28, 1966) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played 61 games for the Cincinnati Reds in 1992 and 1993, mostly in left field.
AT2019qiz is a tidal disruption event (TDE) that occurred at a distance of 215 millions light years (65 megaparsec), from Earth.  It is the nearest TDE discovered to date. It was discovered in September 2019 by observations in ultraviolet, optical, X-ray and radio wavelengths made at the European Southern Observatory (ESO) situated in Chile and was presented in October 2020 by research published in the monthly notices of the Royal Astronomical Society. It involves a star with a sun-like mass and a black hole with a mass of around 106 solar masses. The TDE appears very young and increasing in brightness. The encounter tore away half of the mass of the star and threw debris at a speed of 10,000 km/s, comparable to that observed in supernova explosions.
Rochenda Sandall (born c. 1988) is a British actress who played Lisa McQueen in the television series Line of Duty, and has featured in other productions including Small Axe and  Doctor Who.


The men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 1959 Pan American Games was held at the Soldier Field in Chicago on 1 September.
Aeromicrobium camelliae is a Gram-positive, aerobic and  non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus Aeromicrobium which has been isolated from Pu'er tea in Yunnan in China.
Hump and hollow, occasionally termed "flipping", is a technique of contouring pastures to improve productivity especially on the West Coast of New Zealand.
The technique, used on peat soils and in areas of high rainfall, allows for faster water runoff and lowers the level the water table. 
In a three-year trial at Kowhitirangi on the West Coast of New Zealand where the annual rainfall is 3000mm, an improvement of 14% was made when compared with no drainage. 
Hump and hollowing is increasingly used on the West Coast and concerns have been raised about the effects on water quality.  There is also an effect on soil structure, catchment hydrology, and modifications to habitat.
Robert David Moore (May 3, 1954 – January 7, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played 6 games in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Flyers and Washington Capitals during the 1978–79 and 1982–83 seasons. He played his college hockey at the University of Michigan and the University of Western Ontario. Author John U. Bacon claims that Moore was one of the first goalies in either college or professional hockey to not only come out of his net and handle the puck like a defenseman, but "actually shoot it as well as the forwards."  As a minor league goaltender, Moore won the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Award in 1978–79, 1979–80 and 1980–81, sharing the award with a different teammate each time.
The 1919 Penn State Nittany Lions football team represented the Pennsylvania State University in the 1919 college football season. The team was coached by Hugo Bezdek and played its home games in New Beaver Field in State College, Pennsylvania.
V Gate is a rural locality in the Maranoa Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2021 census, V Gate had a population of 40 people.
The Nieuwe Revu  is a weekly general interest magazine from the Netherlands, published on Wednesdays and written in Dutch.
Kaalapaani (transl. Black Water) is a 1996 Indian Malayalam-language epic historical drama film written by T. Damodaran and directed by Priyadarshan. Set in 1915, the film focuses on the lives of Indian independence activists incarcerated in the Cellular Jail (or Kālā Pānī) in Andaman and Nicobar Islands during the British Raj. The ensemble cast includes Mohanlal, Prabhu, Tabu, Amrish Puri, Nedumudi Venu, Sreenivasan, Tinnu Anand, Annu Kapoor, Alex Draper, Sankaradi, and Vineeth. The film was produced by Mohanlal for Pranavam Arts in association with R. Mohan's Shogun Films.
The film is about the lives of prisoners in British India who are brought to Kālā Pānī. The name Kalapani is derived from the mode of imprisonment in British India. Ilaiyaraaja composed the music, the cinematography was by Santosh Sivan, and the editing by N. Gopalakrishnan. The film introduced Dolby Stereo into Malayalam cinema. It was made on a budget of ₹2.50 crore, making it the costliest Malayalam film made until then.
Kaalapaani was released on 6 April 1996 in 450 theaters worldwide, which was the largest release for any Indian film until then. The film is now regarded as one of the classics in Malayalam cinema. Originally made in Malayalam, the film was dubbed and released in Hindi as Saaza-E-Kaalapani, Tamil as Siraichalai, and in Telugu as Kaala Pani. Amitabh Bachchan bought the Hindi dubbing rights, besides narrating the prologue for the Hindi version. The film won four National Film Awards, including the awards for Best Art Direction (Sabu Cyril), Best Special Effects (S. T. Venky), and Best Cinematography (Santosh Sivan). The film also won seven Kerala State Film Awards.
The 2013–14 Rider Broncs men's basketball team represented Rider University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Broncs, led by second year head coach Kevin Baggett, played their home games at Alumni Gymnasium and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. They finished the season 14–17, 9–11 in MAAC play to finish in a three way tie for sixth place. They advanced to the quarterfinals of the MAAC tournament where they lost to Iona.
Laxo is a small settlement at the end of Laxo Voe in Vidlin, Shetland, Scotland.
A ferry from the Mainland to Symbister in Whalsay operates from the nearby Laxo Ferry Terminal, and is operated by the Shetland Islands Council.
North of Laxo is the Hill of Laxowater and a 1 km long loch called Laxo Water which is an excellent trout fishing location.
Laxo Cottage, a distinctive white house with black corner stones, used to be the water bailiff's house.
Basegi (Russian: Басеги) is a mountain range in Middle Ural. Located in the eastern portion of Perm Krai, on the border between Gremyachinsky and Gornozavodsky districts, it stretches meridionally. Its length is about 32 km, width is 5 km (in the widest central part). The highest point is the mountain "Middle Baseg" (994 m); it has a dome shape.
To the north of the range flows the Usva River; to the south is the Vilva River. The Basegi range is a source of most of the tributaries of these two main rivers. 
The Basegi Nature Reserve is located in the foothills of the range. To the north of the Basegi range is situated the highest point of Middle Ural, Oslyanka.
There are several versions about the origins of the name. One of them is that the name stems from the Komi-Permyak word 'basok' which means "beautiful". Another theory claims that ‘baseg’ is a composition of the words ‘bas’ (beautiful) and ‘eg’ (river).
Remer  may refer to:
Lipany is a cadastral district of Prague, Czech Republic. In 2015 it had 282 inhabitants.
The parent article is at List of University of Michigan alumni

This is a list of arts-related alumni from the University of Michigan.
Elections for the Indian state of Goa took place in June 1999.
A gimmick capacitor is a capacitor made by twisting two pieces of insulated wire together.  The capacitance may be varied by loosening or tightening the winding. The capacitance can also be reduced by shortening the twisted pair by cutting.  The available capacitance is on the order of 1pF/inch (0.4 pF/cm).
New Multitudes is a Woody Guthrie tribute album performed by Jay Farrar, Will Johnson, Anders Parker, and Jim James to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Guthrie's birth, released through Rounder Records on February 28, 2012. The project was initiated by Woody's daughter Nora Guthrie to have Farrar add music to her father's lyrics—specifically, his earliest songwriting years in Los Angeles. Over the course of several years, he invited the others to collaborate and recorded at a variety of locations across the United States. Each artist wrote music to lyrics that inspired him and presented it to the collaborators for recording. The result is an album with diverse musical genres that has garnered positive reviews from critics for its varied styles and instrumentation. The quartet promoted the album with a small promotional tour that took them to record stores, radio programs, theaters, and folk festivals. The group has plans for releasing a second volume.
Madre Paula is a Portuguese drama television series adapting the novel of the same name by Patrícia Müller which stars Joana Ribeiro and Paulo Pires. It originally aired on RTP1 in 2017.
The Amazing Race Vietnam: Cuộc đua kỳ thú 2014 is the third season of the reality television game show, The Amazing Race Vietnam. It featured nine teams of two in a race around Vietnam for 300 million₫.
The program premiered on VTV6 and aired every Saturday and Sunday primetime (7:55 p.m. UTC+7) from 21 June to 31 August 2014. The host for this season is Huy Khánh.
Singer and Athlete Hương Giang and Criss were the winners of this season.
Tazomeline (LY-287,041) is a drug which acts as a non-selective muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It was in clinical trials for the treatment of cognitive dysfunction such as that seen in Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia, but development was apparently scrapped for unknown reasons. Another of the patented uses is for the treatment of "severe painful conditions".
Paris enquêtes criminelles (English: "Paris Criminal Investigations") is a French television series broadcast since May 3, 2007, on TF1.
The RK 03 Berlin is a German rugby union club from Berlin, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
The club was formed in 2003, when the rugby department of the Post SV Berlin left the club. Post SV Rugby itself had been formed in 1967 as BSG Post Berlin Rugby.
Michael Kevin Joy (born 12 September 1959) is a New Zealand freshwater ecologist and science communicator. He is currently employed at the Institute for Governance and Policy Studies at Victoria University of Wellington.
Joy is publicly outspoken about the decline in freshwater quality and ecosystems, especially the impact of nutrient pollution from intensive dairying on New Zealand's "100% Pure", clean, green image. This has led to awards from scientific organisations, as well as criticism from the dairy industry and former prime minister John Key.
Tres de Diciembre District is one of nine districts of the province Chupaca in Peru.
The Dublanc River is a river in Dominica. It rises on the northwestern slopes of Morne Diablotins, flowing west to discharge into the Caribbean Sea on the country's northwestern coast.
San Giorgio Monferrato  (in Piedmontese San Giòrs Monfrà) is a comune of the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont. It is about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of the regional capital Turin and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Alessandria.
The territory of this small rural commune of the Monferrato Casalese extends over an area of 7.1 square kilometres (2.7 sq mi). Its population of 1,293 is concentrated in the village of San Giorgio (Saint George). The communal coat of arms pictures the saint killing the dragon. San Giorgio clusters around a medieval castle on a low hill southwest of Casale Monferrato, which dominates the road from Casale to Asti.
San Giorgio Monferrato borders the following municipalities: Casale Monferrato, Ozzano Monferrato, and Rosignano Monferrato.
Blyth's hawk-eagle (Nisaetus alboniger) (earlier treated as Spizaetus) is a medium-sized bird of prey. Like all eagles, it is in the family Accipitridae.
It can be found in the Malay Peninsula, Singapore, Sumatra and Borneo. It is a bird of open woodland, although island forms prefer a higher tree density. It builds a stick nest in a tree and lays a single egg.
It is a fairly small eagle at about 50–60 cm (20–24 in) in length. The adult has a thick white band on uppertail and undertail, all black above, black spotted breast, barred below. It has a prominent crest like the bazas. Juvenile is dark brown above, and has a light brown head and underparts.
The common name commemorates Edward Blyth (1810–1873), English zoologist and Curator of the Museum of the Asiatic Society of Bengal.
Old lady may refer to:
Damo Justin Baro, also known as Justin Damo Barro, is a Burkinabe economist and politician who served as Minister of Finance between 1983 and 1986 under Thomas Sankara. During that time, he was President of ECOWAS' Council of Ministers. In the 1990s, he served in the World Bank, and later helped create the West African Economic and Monetary Union.
Nile Bank Ltd was a private bank registered in Uganda, with shareholders from Uganda, Israel, and South Africa. Nile Bank has an emphasis on consumer banking.
Harmony is an unincorporated community in Nacogdoches County, located in the U.S. state of Texas. It is referenced in the novel RoseBlood by A.G. Howard, as well as by Jodi Thomas in her bestselling novels.
The Indigenous peoples of Colombia have been subjected to incredible violence in recent decades, ranging from massacres by armed groups to the targeted killings of Indigenous activists and politicians. Mineral, crop and energy resources on native land have been a driving force behind conflicts in Colombia since its founding, and continue to fuel violence against Indigenous peoples into the present day. In the context of the Colombian conflict, the violence against activists is linked to armed groups vying for control in the aftermath of the 2016 peace deal with the Colombian government, leading to a near-complete absence of the state in parts of Colombia. In some areas of Colombia, a motive for killing activists is the belief that they may be working with an opposing armed group. In others, it is because activists support plans to replace cocaine crops with food, and potentially damage the drug economy, or because they support plans to recover land stolen in the conflict.
In 2021, Genocide Watch issued a genocide emergency for all of Colombia, and stated that Indigenous groups are disproportionately effected by violence in rural areas, displacing them from their ancestral lands, which are then used for coca production to finance the activities of armed groups.
Al-Husayn I ibn Ali, also known as Hussein I (Arabic: حسين الأول; born in 1675 – 13 September 1740) was the founder of the Husainid Dynasty, which ruled Tunisia until the abolition of the monarchy in 1957.
The Republic of China (ROC) competed as Chinese Taipei at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California for the first time. The change in name was a result of the Nagoya Resolution, adopted by the International Olympic Committee in 1979 after the objections raised in the 1970s by the People's Republic of China (PRC) over the political status of Taiwan. The IOC restrictions over the ROC name led to the ROC boycott of the Summer Games of 1976 and 1980; the PRC boycotted the Olympic Games prior to the adoption of the resolution. The 1984 Summer Games Chinese Taipei team included 31 men and 7 women, taking part in 40 events in 12 sports. In weightlifting, athletes both from Chinese Taipei and the People's Republic of China won medals.
Sajadiyeh or Ahsham-e Kohneh (Persian: احشام كهنه, also Romanized as Aḩshām-e Kohneh) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District, Bord Khun District, Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2011 census, its population was 210, in 49 families.
General Sir John Antony Jervis Read,  (10 September 1913 – 22 September 2000) was a senior British Army officer who served as Quartermaster-General to the Forces from 1969 to 1973. He was awarded the Military Cross (MC) for gallantry during the campaign against the Italian Army in East Africa in 1941 and the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) for his leadership and gallantry whilst in command of 1 Gambia Regiment in Burma in March 1945, during the Second World War.
Dol pri Pristavi (pronounced [ˈdoːl pɾi ˈpɾiːstaʋi]) is a settlement just northwest of Pristava pri Mestinju in eastern Slovenia. It belongs to the Municipality of Šmarje pri Jelšah. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria and is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region. The railway line from Celje to Zagreb runs through the settlement.
Gaebler Children's Center was a psychiatric institution operated by the Massachusetts Department of Mental Health for severely mentally ill children and adolescents, located in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The center opened on October 8, 1955, near the grounds of the Metropolitan State Hospital and closed in September 1992. It was named after William C. Gaebler, the second superintendent of the Metropolitan State Hospital. The Massachusetts Department of Mental Health (DMH) closed the center as it was antiquated and could no longer serve the needs of the children it housed.  According to the DMH, this closure coincided with the decision to place mentally ill children in community settings instead of in institutional settings.  Others felt the center was closed due to budget cuts.
According to the Waltham Land Trust and The Boston Globe, the grounds of the Gaebler Center are currently being considered for redevelopment. (The Gaebler Center is now slated for Demolition with bids to be received prior to April 15, 2010)
Demolition and site development contractor Testa Corp won the bid to begin destruction of the area, as indicated by a sign recently erected at the entrance.
Mayor Jeanette McCarthy said the building was bought by the city of Waltham in 2005 in order to have some control over the development of the seven-acre site. Demolition of the Gaebler Children's Center was completed in January 2011. The work cost the City of Waltham approximately $637,000. There are no current plans for the 55-acre lot.
Theus may refer to:

Theus (surname), includes a list of people with the name
Théus, commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France
Ian Ashley Murdock (April 28, 1973 – December 28, 2015) was an American software engineer, known for being the founder of the Debian project and Progeny Linux Systems, a commercial Linux company.
George Maledon (June 10, 1830 – June 5, 1911) was an American hangman nicknamed "The Prince of Hangmen", who served in the federal court of Judge Isaac C. Parker.
The men's individual competition of the triathlon events at the 2023 Pan American Games was held on November 2 at El Sol Beach in Viña del Mar, Chile.
Örlygur Smári (born  (1971-06-30) 30 June 1971) is an Icelandic producer/composer.
The Rally of South Australia is a round of the Australian Rally Championship. Rally SA is promoted and staged by the South Australian Motor Sport Board (SAMSB). After a six-year break, the SAMSB re-introduced a round of the ARC in 2001.
The 2019 rally was called "AGL Rally SA - Rally of the Heartland" and was held 1-2 June 2019.
Rudyk (Ukrainian: Ру́дик) is a gender-neutral Ukrainian and Polish surname that may refer to the following notable people:

Bartosz Rudyk (born 1998), Polish racing cyclist
Dmytro Rudyk (born 1992), Ukrainian football goalkeeper
Kira Rudyk (born 1985), Ukrainian politician
Mateusz Rudyk (born 1995), Polish track cyclist, brother of Bartosz
Serhii Rudyk (born 1970), Ukrainian politician
Yuri Rudyk (born 1991), Ukrainian figure skater
William Hedley Richardson Bunbury (born 7 October 1940, in Glastonbury, England), known as Bill Bunbury, is a former radio broadcaster and producer for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and an accomplished historian and writer.
Bitsbox is a  startup that teaches children how to  code  apps.  The company sells boxes with suggested apps for users to code on a virtual  tablet.
The Franklin and Armfield Office, which houses the Freedom House Museum, is a historic commercial building in Alexandria, Virginia (until 1846, the District of Columbia). Built c. 1810–1820, it was first used as a private residence before being converted to the offices of the largest slave trading firm in the United States, started in 1828 by Isaac Franklin and John Armfield. Another source, using ship manifests (lists of slaves) in the National Archives, gives the number as "at least 5,000".
The 1315 Duke Street building is located just west of Alexandria's Old Town, on the north side of Duke Street between South West and South Payne streets.  It is a three-story brick building, topped by a mansard roof and resting on a brick foundation. Its front facade is laid in Flemish bond, while the sides and rear are laid in common bond. It has Federal-period styling, with windows and the entrance door set in segmented, arch openings, with gabled dormers at the roof level.
The building was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1978, and has also been designated a Virginia Historic Landmark. The building was formerly owned by the Northern Virginia Urban League which operated it as a museum, with exhibits about the slave trading firm and the life of a slave. 
The City of Alexandria purchased the building in March of 2020 and reopened it as a museum in June of 2022.


George Sharratt Pearson (April 27, 1880 – August 24, 1966) was a Canadian politician in the province of British Columbia. He represented the ridings of Nanaimo from 1928 to 1933, Alberni-Nanaimo from 1933 to 1941 and Nanaimo and the Islands from 1941 to 1952 in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia as a Liberal.
He was born in Bromley, Staffordshire in 1880, the son of Joseph Dudley Pearson and Emma Sharratt. Pearson came to Canada in 1889; he was educated in Nanaimo, British Columbia. In 1904, Pearson married Emmeline Pearce. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Labour (1933 to 1941 and, after almost one month out of office, from 1941 to 1947), Minister of Mines (1933 to 1937), Minister of Railways (1937 to 1939), Provincial Secretary (1941 to 1950), and Minister of Health and Welfare (1946 to 1950). Pearson was president of the Nanaimo General Hospital. From 1941 to 1952, he was a member of a Liberal-Conservative coalition in the provincial assembly. Pearson died in Nanaimo at the age of 86 in 1966.
In 1942 Pearson was a powerful political leader who adamantly advocated for the entire Japanese population to be driven out of British Columbia, in spite of military, navy and RCMP assertion, that they posed no threat. According to Canadian lawyer Mark Sakamoto, “B.C.politicians took the floor. They were led by George Pearson, B.C.’s minister of labour. He was half mad with rage. His position was that the entire Japanese population could not be trusted and he sought a final solution for his province: drive them all out.”
George Pearson Centre of Vancouver Coastal Health, originally known as the Pearson Tuberculosis Hospital, was named in his honour. The Pearson Bridge and Pearson Park in Nanaimo and the retired BC ferry MV George S. Pearson were also named after Pearson.
On September 14, 2021, Vancouver Coastal Health Authority announced that they would be renaming the George Pearson Centre due to his history of lobbying against the rights and freedoms of Japanese Canadians in the 1940s.


The architecture of Vancouver and the Greater Vancouver area consists of a variety of modern architectural styles, such as the 20th-century Edwardian and the 21st-century modernist styles. Initially, the city architects embraced styles developed in Europe and the United States, with only limited local variation.
In the years following World War II, regional variations of modernism began to emerge, later known as the "West Coast style". Building constraints in the area led to design focused on the natural landscape and feasible construction. This led to the development of design that uses complex geometric forms, open-plan layouts, and natural light through the extensive use of glass. The predominance of glass in many high rises in Downtown Vancouver has led to the city's moniker "City of Glass" and "See Through City".
In the mid-20th century, the Vancouver Special residential style was developed in the city. Architectural styles found throughout the American Pacific Coast – such as the American Craftsman, California bungalow, and dingbat – are common in Vancouver.
Tsaritsani (Greek: Τσαριτσάνη [t͡saɾiˈt͡sani]) or Tsiaritsiani (local Greek: Τσιαρίτσιανη [t͡ʃaˈɾit͡ʃani]) is a village and a community of the Elassona municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform, it was an independent community. The community of Tsaritsani covers an area of 57.791 km2.
Give Me a Try may refer to:

"Give Me a Try" (song), by The Wombats, 2015
"Give Me a Try", a song by Higgs and Wilson
"Give Me a Try", a song by Ivo Grīsniņš Grīslis that competed to represent Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013
"Give Me a Try", a song by Michelle Gayle
"Give Me a Try", a song by Sizzla from Rise to the Occasion
Trade catalogs, originating in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries primarily in Europe, are print catalogs which advertise products and ideas in words, illustrations, or both. They included decor, ironwork, furniture, and kitchenware. If a trade catalog included illustrations, the items were commonly engraved or hand-drawn and replicated. 
Catalogs spread through trade, by travelers or traveling merchants. They contained lists of items from different places, with local catalogs advertising services. Because some communities had small networks of trade and commerce, the origin of the first trade catalog is unknown. Catalogs showcasing furniture designs, headed by designer Thomas Chippendale, became popular in the mid-1700s.


Lockeport is a locality on Moresby Island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on Klunkwoi Bay.
Ian Davidson Brewer (15 June 1936 – 15 April 2010) was an Australian rules footballer with a distinguished career between 1956 and 1970, in the three major leagues of his era: the Victorian Football League (VFL), West Australian National Football League (WANFL) and South Australian National Football League (SANFL). Brewer played a combined total of 171 senior games for Collingwood, Claremont and Norwood.
A key forward from Sale, Brewer played with Collingwood from 1956 to 1961. He kicked 73 goals in 1958, which earned him the Coleman Medal. This tally included six goals in the Queen's Birthday clash against Melbourne, in front of a record crowd of 99,346. Brewer was a member of the Magpies' premiership team that year. 
After spending the 1962 season with St Kilda, where he was unable to break into a strong senior team, Brewer moved to Perth and joined Claremont. In 1964, he was a key factor in the Tigers' rags to riches premiership. 
Brewer transferred to Norwood in 1965, topping the SANFL goal-kicking records that same year.
Between stints at Norwood, Brewer was captain-coach of Wangaratta Rovers in the Ovens & Murray Football League.
His younger brother Ross also played in the VFL.
Marc Ostrofsky is an American entrepreneur, venture capitalist, New York Times Best Selling Author and public speaker.  He is the author of the books Get Rich Click!: The Ultimate Guide to Making Money Online, and Word of Mouse: 101+ trends using technology on How we Buy, Sell, Live, Learn, Work and Play!.   Get Rich Click was in the top ten of the lists of bestselling books compiled by USA Today, The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times.
Of Chameleons and Gods is the title of the first collection of poetry by Malawian poet Jack Mapanje, published in 1981 in the United Kingdom, in Heinemann's African Writers Series. Despite critical acclaim, the collection was withdrawn from circulation in Malawi, because it was seen as a critique of the current government and especially the leader Hastings Kamuzu Banda.
Mapanje, in his introduction to the work, describes as the result of the work of "ten turbulent years". The 'chameleon' of the title refers to the disguise of personal voice he deemed necessary in order to mount a criticism of the politics at the time.
Of Chameleons and Gods is divided into four sections: "Of Chameleons and Gods", '"Sketches from London", "Re-entering Chingwe's Hole" and "Assembling Another Voice". The sections are almost chronological: poems in "Sketches from London"were written between 1972 and 1975; those in "Re-entering Chingwe's Hole", on Mapanje's return from London between 1975 and 1978; and those in "Assembling Another Voice" were probably the last to be written'.
"Unleashed" is the twentieth episode of the second season, and 42nd episode overall from the Fox series Gotham. The episode was written by executive producer Danny Cannon and directed by Paul Edwards. It was first broadcast on May 9, 2016. In the episode, Azrael continues his killing spree across Gotham City while Dr. Strange tries to evade arrest for his experiments.
The episode received positive reviews with critics commenting on Galavan/Azrael's fate as well as the Bridgit reveal.


The 1960 Big Ten Conference football season was the 65th season of college football played by the member schools of the Big Ten Conference and was a part of the 1960 college football season.
The 1960 Minnesota Golden Gophers football team, under head coach Murray Warmath, compiled an 8–2 record, won the Big Ten championship, led the conference in scoring defense (8.8 points allowed per game), and lost to Washington in the 1961 Rose Bowl.  The Golden Gophers were ranked No. 1 in the AP and Coaches Polls, both of which were released prior to the Rose Bowl. Guard Tom Brown was a consensus first-team All-American, won the Outland Trophy as college football's best interior lineman, finished second in the Heisman Trophy voting, and received the Chicago Tribune Silver Football as the Big Ten's most valuable player.
The 1960 Iowa Hawkeyes football team, in its final season under head coach Forest Evashevski, compiled an 8–1 record, led the Big Ten in scoring offense (26.0 points per game), and was ranked No. 3 in the final AP Poll and No. 2 in the final Coaches' Poll.  Iowa's only loss was against Minnesota. Halfback Larry Ferguson, quarterback Wilburn Hollis, and guard Mark Manders were first-team All-Big Ten players.
The conference's statistical leaders included Ron Miller of Wisconsin with 1,351 passing yards, Bob Ferguson of Ohio State with 853 rushing yards and 78 points scored, Elbert Kimbrough of Northwestern with 378 receiving yards, and Tom Matte of Ohio State with 1,419 yards of total offense.
Gulella unidentata is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.
This species is endemic to Tanzania.
Naval Air Station Alameda (NAS Alameda) was a United States Navy Naval Air Station in Alameda, California, on San Francisco Bay.
NAS Alameda had two runways: 13–31 measuring 8,000 ft × 200 ft (2,438 m × 61 m) and 07-25 measuring 7,200 ft × 200 ft (2,195 m × 61 m). Two helicopter pads and a control tower were also part of the facilities.


The men's marathon event at the 1999 All-Africa Games was held in the streets of Johannesburg.
The following is the list of Belgian Ambassadors to the Holy See, past and present. A Belgian Ambassador serves as that country's official representative to the Holy See since formal diplomatic relations began in 1832. Between 1880 and 1885 there were no diplomatic relations between Belgium and the Holy See.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Badulla (Lat: Dioecesis Badullana) is a diocese of the Latin Church of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Erected as the Diocese of Badulla in 1972, the diocese was created from territory in the Diocese of Kandy. The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo. Its cathedral is St. Mary’s church.
The current bishop is Julian Winston Sebastian Fernando, appointed in 1997.
Nadège Lacroix (born 30 June 1986) is a Swiss actress, television personality. She became famous thanks to a French reality show, Secret Story. She starred in the Sous le soleil de Saint-Tropez and the scripted television drama series, Hollywood Girls : Une nouvelle vie en Californie.
Peter Bryan (born 4 October 1969) is a British serial killer with schizophrenia who committed three murders between 1993 and 2004.


Jonathan Liss Ohayon (born January 10, 1972, in Toronto, Ontario) is an athlete from Canada, a glass artist, works in the IT field, and is the grandson of writer Joseph Liss. He competes in archery.
Ohayon competed all around the world in archery, was ranked top 30 in the world, won double gold at the Pan American Championships (Individual and Team), and competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in men's individual archery.
Pichai Naripthaphan (Thai: พิชัย นริพทะพันธุ์) is a Thai businessman and politician, serving as Minister of Culture since 2024. Under his leadership, the Ministry has announced plans to address the influx of goods from imported from China in the Thai market.


Kashruth Council of Canada (better known as COR), is a kosher certification agency in Canada. It is best known for its kosher supervision service, with the COR symbol found on the labels of many commercial and consumer food products. The council serves 1,000 facilities that provide 70,000 products to Canadian consumers. As of September 2014, COR employs 70 full-time and part-time mashgichim who work in local food service and catering venues, plus approximately 30 mashgichim worldwide who supervise COR-certified manufacturing plants. COR supervises food at event venues such as the Rogers Centre, the Air Canada Centre and the Toronto Zoo. In total, COR certifies 53 restaurants in Toronto.  COR, in conjunction with Liaison Culinary College, has a college accredited training program for its mashgichim.
Richard James Beard (born 12 January 1967) is an English author of fiction and non-fiction books and short literature. He is the winner of the 2018 Ackerley Prize for his memoir The Day That Went Missing.
Turok: Rage Wars is a first-person shooter video game developed by Acclaim Studios Austin and published by Acclaim Entertainment. It was released for the Nintendo 64 video game console in 1999. Rage Wars is a game in the Turok video game series, with a heavy emphasis on multiplayer. It supports a maximum of four players simultaneously via split-screen. The game also supports the Nintendo 64 Expansion Pak for high-resolution graphics, but does not require it. A separate game, also titled Turok: Rage Wars, which is set in the same universe but features a different gameplay and storyline, was released for the Game Boy Color in 1999.
History Lessens is the second compilation album by British folk metal band Skyclad. Its full title is History Lessens – An Introduction to the Artist.
Oreta rubromarginata is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Charles Swinhoe in 1902. It is found on Borneo and Sumatra.
The forewings are yellow with a broad marginal chestnut-red band. The hindwings are yellow in the interior part and the chestnut-red band is very deep, occupying nearly one-third of the wings. There is a large chestnut-red patch with four or five angulated projections in the middle of the wing.


Finnart Oil Terminal, also known as Finnart Ocean Terminal or Chap Point, is an oil depot on the eastern shore of Loch Long, Firth of Clyde on the west coast of Scotland, about 2 miles (3.2 km) to the north of Garelochhead on the A814 road to Arrochar. It has piers extending a short distance into the loch, providing a deep water berth for oil tankers up to 324,000 tonnes. Two pipelines connect the terminal across the width of Scotland to the Grangemouth Refinery on the Firth of Forth on the east coast, and extensive oil storage tanks have been built into the hillside on  both sides of the main road.
Ahmed Hassan (born 12 September 1941) is an Egyptian boxer. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
The 2023 season was Albirex Niigata Singapore FC's 20th consecutive season in the top flight of Singapore football and in the S.League, having joined the S.League in 2004. Along with the 2023 Singapore Premier League, the club also competed in the Singapore Cup.
Ellis Rashad Wyms  (born April 12, 1979) is a former American football defensive tackle. He was selected by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the sixth round of the 2001 NFL draft. He played college football at Mississippi State.
Wyms, who earned a Super Bowl ring with the Buccaneers in Super Bowl XXXVII, has also played for the Seattle Seahawks, Minnesota Vikings and Florida Tuskers.
José de Valera (September 26, 1822 – January 16, 1899) was a high-ranking Spanish military figure who distinguished himself in Cuba's Ten Years' War.
Hans Vimmo Eskilsson (born 23 January 1966) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a striker and defender. Starting off his career with IFK Östersund, he went on to represent clubs such as IFK Norrköping, Hammarby IF, Sporting CP, Braga, AIK, and Hearts during a career that spanned between 1983 and 2003. A full international between 1988 and 1990, he won eight caps for the Sweden national team and scored two goals. He was a part of the Sweden Olympic team that competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Mathias Everard, KH (died 1857), was a major-general of Randilestown, County Meath. He was the third son of Thomas Everard of Randilestown, by his wife and cousin, Barbara, daughter of O'Reilly of Ballinlough Castle, and sister of Sir Henry Nugent, was appointed ensign in the 2nd or Queen's, regiment at Gibraltar 28 September 1804, and became lieutenant 21 March 1805. He served as Lieutenant-Governor of British Saint Lucia from 1839 to 1841.
Wat Mangkon Kamalawat (Thai: วัดมังกรกมลาวาส, pronounced [wát māŋkɔ̄ːn kāmālāːwâːt]), previously (and still commonly) known as Wat Leng Noei Yi (Thai: วัดเล่งเน่ยยี่, pronounced [wát lêŋ nɤ̂j jîː]; simplified Chinese: 龙莲寺; traditional Chinese: 龍蓮寺; pinyin: Lónglián Sì), is the largest and most important Chinese Buddhist temple in Bangkok, Thailand. It hosts celebrations of a number of year-round events, including Chinese New Year, and the annual Chinese vegetarian festival.
It is located in the district of Pom Prap Sattru Phai in the city's Chinatown, in a courtyard off Charoen Krung Road, accessed by an alleyway. It is served by Wat Mangkon MRT station located in front of the temple.
The 2012 Olympic Wrestling Pan American Qualification Tournament was the second regional qualifying tournament for the 2012 Olympics. The competition was held in Kissimmee, United States from 23 to 25 March 2012.
The top two wrestlers in each weight class earn a qualification spot for their nation.
T in the Park 2016 was a three-day music festival organised by DF Concerts, which took place between 8–11 July 2016 and for the second time was held at Strathallan Castle, which is 20 miles away from the festival's previous location at the disused Balado airfield, Kinross-shire. Strathallan Castle camp site opened from 7 to 12 July, while the overall number of attendances was lower than 2015 after DF Concerts reduced the number of daily tickets by 15,000.


Pachypasa limosa is a moth of the  family Lasiocampidae. It is found in southern France, the Iberian Peninsula and North Africa.
The wingspan is 20–23 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.
Recorded food plants include Cupressus and Juniperus species.
Sapphire Skies is a 2014 historical romance by Belinda Alexandra. It is about Lily, an Australian working in Moscow, who discovers the story behind Natasha Azarova, a night witch who disappeared during World War II.
"Numb" is a song by American singer August Alsina, released on December 10, 2013, as the third single from his debut studio album Testimony (2014). The song was produced by DJ Mustard and features guest appearances from American rappers B.o.B and Yo Gotti. When it was originally released in October 2013 it featured West Coast rappers Iamsu! and Problem. The song has since peaked at number 39 on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
The Iraq Central FA Premier League, also known as the Iraq Central FA First Division and previously named the Iraq FA Baghdad First Division (Arabic: دوري الاتحاد العراقي لمنطقة بغداد), was the top-level division of football in Baghdad and its neighbouring cities between 1948 and 1973.
It was controlled by the Iraq Central Football Association and was played under a variety of different formats including a double-elimination format, a round-robin format and a double round-robin format. It was one of several regional league championships played in Iraq at the time, with others including the Basra, Kirkuk and Mosul leagues. The last champions of the competition were Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya, who won the title in the 1972–73 season.
The regional leagues folded in 1973 and were replaced by the Iraqi National First Division, before the Iraqi National Clubs League was established in 1974. The competition has since often been referred to as the League of the Institutes (Arabic: دوري المؤسسات, romanized: Dawri Al-Muassasat) due to containing a number of teams representing different Iraqi institutions.
Riggio is a southern Italian surname derived from the city of Reggio Calabria. Notable people with the surname include:

Andrea Riggio (1660–1717), Italian Catholic prelate
Atsedeweine Tekle Riggio, Ethiopian lawyer and jurist
Cristian Riggio (born 1996), Italian footballer
Eliana Riggio, Italian UN official
Girolamo Riggio (died 1589), Roman Catholic priest
Leonard Riggio (1941–2024), American businessman
Matt Riggio (born 1988), Australian rules footballer
Renato Riggio (born 1978), Argentine footballer
Roc Riggio (born 2002), American baseball player
Stephen Riggio, Barnes & Noble executive and brother of Leonard
Carlos Berlocq and Brian Dabul became the first champions of this tournament. They defeated Andrés Molteni and Guido Pella 7–6(4), 6–3 in the final.
Ladislav Josef Čelakovský (November 29, 1834 – November 24, 1902) was a Czech botanist born in Prague. He was the son of writer František Ladislav Čelakovský, and father to mycologist Ladislav František Čelakovský (1864-1916). He took an evolutionary approach to the study of plants, alternation of generation, flower structure and other aspects.


The †Raphistomatidae is a taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, Paleozoic marine gastropod molluscs. This family was established by Koken in 1896. This family is found in the fossil record from the Upper Cambrian to the Middle Permian.


Ariaramnes (Old Persian: 𐎠𐎼𐎡𐎹𐎠𐎼𐎶𐎴 Ariyāramna; "peace of the Arya") was a great-uncle of Cyrus the Great and the great-grandfather of Darius I, and perhaps the king of Parsa, the ancient core kingdom of Persia.
Ariaramnes was most likely the brother of Cyrus I of Anshan and son of Teispes, but this is not certain. In any case, he was a member of the Achaemenid House. As supported by the relief at Behistun he was the first king of a separate Achaemenid branch that ran parallel to the reigns of Cyrus I and his son Cambyses I. As the great-grandfather of Darius the Great, this line ultimately absorbs the Dynasty and dominates the Persian Empire.
In meteorology, the polar front is the weather front boundary between the polar cell and the Ferrel cell around the 60° latitude, near the polar regions, in both hemispheres. At this boundary a sharp gradient in temperature occurs between these two air masses, each at very different temperatures.
The polar front arises as a result of cold polar air meeting warm tropical air.  It is a stationary front as the air masses are not moving against each other and stays stable. Off the coast of eastern North America, especially in winter, there is a sharp temperature gradient between the snow-covered land and the warm offshore currents.
The polar front theory says that mid-latitude extratropical cyclones form on boundaries between warm and cold air. In winter, the polar front shifts towards the Equator, whereas high pressure systems dominate more in the summer.
Ether Margaret Luis (28 August 1898 – 30 May 1998) was a Scottish chemist  who was one of the first women appointed to the chemistry staff of the University of Dundee during the Second World War.
The Tororo–Opuyo–Lira High Voltage Power Line is a high voltage electricity power line, connecting the high voltage substation at Tororo, to another high voltage substation at Lira, in Uganda.
Plocamus echidna, the porcupine weevil, is a species of flower weevil in the beetle family Curculionidae. It is found in North America.
Beyond Ipanema: Brazilian Waves in Global Music is a 2009 documentary film about the influence of Brazilian music outside of the country, especially the USA. Produced by filmmakers Guto Barra and Béco Dranoff, it features interviews and performances by David Byrne, Devendra Banhart, M.I.A., Os Mutantes, Caetano Veloso, Gilberto Gil, Tom Zé, Seu Jorge, Thievery Corporation, Bebel Gilberto, CSS, Creed Taylor and many others.
The film's World Premiere was at New York's Museum of Modern Art in July 2009. It was since shown in over 50 film festivals, including HotDocs (the largest documentary film festival in North America), South By Southwest (one of the largest music festivals in the United States) and the Chicago International Film Festival (one of North America's oldest film events). It has also screened in venues such as the Institute of Contemporary Art, in Boston, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, in San Francisco, The High Art Museum, in Atlanta, and Haus der Kulturen der Welt, in Berlin.
Beyond Ipanema was awarded Best Documentary and Best Sound Editing at the 14th Brazilian Film Festival of Miami and Best Film at the 3rd Brazilian Film Festival of Vancouver. According to The Hollywood Reporter, "Beyond Ipanema is a Vibrant and stylish look at decades of Brazilian music focuses on the reception it has received in the U.S." To The Huffington Post, "Beyond Ipanema is a brilliant overview of the incursion of Brazilian music world wide by directors Guto Barra and Béco Dranoff."
The Malibu Painter was an Ancient Roman painter of Fayum mummy portraits active in Egypt between about 75 and 100 AD.  Three portraits have been attributed to him, based on his manner of painting highlights and shadow and the distinctive form of the noses and mouths in his portraits.  Two paintings were found at Hawara, and it appears that the painter was primarily active in nearby Arsinoe.  The artist's name is derived from a portrait of a woman now found in the J. Paul Getty Museum in Malibu, Los Angeles.
This is a historical timeline of Portugal.
Volleyball Club Radiotechnik (Волейбольный Клуб Радиотехник) is a former Soviet club and after 1991 Latvian, based in Riga. During the seventies it rose to the European limelight thanks to the victory of 3 continental trophies, under the name Elektrotechnika.
Reginald George Boorman (6 February 1935 – 30 October 2016) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.
Rosaleen McDonagh is an Irish activist, playwright, author, and Traveller.


The Landesliga Hannover, called the Bezirksoberliga Hannover from 1979 to 1994 and 2006 to 2010, is the sixth tier of the German football league system and the second highest league in the German state of Lower Saxony (German: Niedersachsen). It covers the region of the now defunct Regierungsbezirk Hanover. 
It is one of four leagues at this level in Lower Saxony, the other three being the Landesliga Lüneburg, the Landesliga Weser-Ems and the Landesliga Braunschweig.
The term Landesliga can be translated as State league.
Michael George Bowen (23 April 1930 – 17 October 2019) was a British prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Southwark from 1977 to 2003, having previously served as Bishop of Arundel and Brighton.
Edmore Sibanda (born 3 June 1984) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Golden Arrows and the Zimbabwe national football team.
Little Marlow Priory was a priory in Buckinghamshire, England. It was run for many years as a nunnery. It was established around 1218 and dissolved in 1536.


Eybekli is a village in the Biga District of Çanakkale Province in Turkey. Its population is 77 (2021).
Ethiopia–Somaliland relations (Somali: Xiriirka Itoobiya iyo Somaliland) refers to the relationship between the Republic of Somaliland and the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia. The two countries have formal diplomatic relations. Ethiopia has a consulate in Hargeisa and Somaliland has a representative office in Addis Ababa.
Sir Cornthwaite Hector William James Rason (18 June 1858 – 15 March 1927), better known as Hector Rason, was the seventh Premier of Western Australia.
Risanamento (literally, making healthy again) is a name given to the large scale re-planning of Italian cities following unification.  Particular examples are the Risanamento of Florence and Naples.
Chen Sitan (Chinese: 陈思坦; pinyin: Chénsītǎn; born 1967) is a Chinese-American taijiquan practitioner and a retired professional wushu taolu athlete.
Brazzein is a protein found in the West African fruit of Oubli (Pentadiplandra brazzeana Baillon). It was first isolated by the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1994.
Brazzein is found in the extracellular region, in the pulp tissue surrounding the seeds. With pentadin, discovered in 1989, brazzein is the second sweet-tasting protein discovered in the Oubli fruit.
Like the other sweet proteins discovered in plants, such as monellin and thaumatin, it is extremely sweet compared to commonly used sweeteners (500 to 2000 times sweeter than sucrose). The fruit tastes sweet to humans, monkeys, and bonobos, but gorillas have mutations in their sweetness receptors so that they do not find brazzein sweet, and they are not known to eat the fruit.
The Church of Christ, informally referred to as the Fettingites, is a denomination within the Latter Day Saint movement which split from the Church of Christ—informally known as "Hedrickites"— in late 1929. The faction was formally established on April 8, 1930, and an Associated Press report published in The New York Times and Los Angeles Times April 7, 1930, describes it as having been briefly named "The Church of Jesus Christ" and later, the "Church of Christ".  It is informally referred to as the "Church of Christ (Fettingite)", after its founder, Otto Fetting, but this sect has never officially been named as such. Otto Fetting, an Apostle in the Church of Christ, was the alleged recipient of a series of messages delivered by John the Baptist concerning construction of a temple on the Temple Lot, along with other aspects of Hedrickite doctrine and practice. The rejection of his "Twelfth Message" by a majority vote of his fellow Apostles in October 1929 led to a split in the Temple Lot organization between those who rejected Fetting's messages and those who accepted them.  The "Fettingites" subsequently established their own church organization.
While Fettingite doctrine and practices are virtually identical to those of the Church of Christ, a significant difference exists today in the acceptance of the messages' authenticity between Hedrickites and Fettingites. The Hedrickite leadership voted at their April, 1936 conference to formally reject Otto Fetting's claim of having heard from John the Baptist, but some laity in the Hedrickite sect have informally expressed interest or belief in his claims, to where about a half-dozen Hedrickites today believe Fetting received some or all of the revelations he claimed. After its founder's death in 1933, the Fettingite sect further divided into various factions, including The Church of Christ (Restored), the Church of Christ at Halley's Bluff, and the Church of Christ with the Elijah Message.  As with the Church of Christ, each of these groups declares itself to be the "only true and living church upon the face of the whole earth."
Antun Bauer (11 February 1856 – 7 December 1937) was a Croatian theologian and philosopher who served as Archbishop of Zagreb.
The Diorama, Regent's Park, London, was a specialised theatre built in 1823 to show large, dramatized tableaux paintings as entertainment.
Salem al-Meslet (Arabic: سالم المسلط, born 1959) is a Syrian politician who was the President of the Syrian Interim Government (SIG) and President of the National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces.
Puchay (French pronunciation: [pyʃɛ]) is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Annie Jump Cannon (; December 11, 1863 – April 13, 1941) was an American astronomer whose cataloging work was instrumental in the development of contemporary stellar classification. With Edward C. Pickering, she is credited with the creation of the Harvard Classification Scheme, which was the first serious attempt to organize and classify stars based on their temperatures and spectral types. She was nearly deaf throughout her career after 1893, as a result of scarlet fever. She was a suffragist and a member of the National Women's Party.


The 2012 Toronto FC season was the sixth season in Toronto FC's existence. The club missed the playoffs for the sixth consecutive season, having never made a post-season appearance. Their season began on March 7 with the quarterfinal of the Champions League against the Los Angeles Galaxy.  They ultimately reached the semi-finals of the tournament where they lost to Mexican side Santos Laguna.
Mark Verdon Boucher (born 3 December 1976) is a South African cricket coach and former cricketer who played all three formats of the game. Boucher is regarded as one of the best wicket-keeper batsmen of all time, and holds the record for the most Test dismissals by a wicket-keeper, with 532 catches and 555 total dismissals. Boucher was a member of the South Africa team that won the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy, the only time the country has won an ICC trophy till date.
He has represented Border, Warriors, South Africa, Africa XI, ICC World XI and Royal Challengers Bangalore and Kolkata Knight Riders in the Indian Premier League.
He had been a regular feature of the South African side since the 1997/1998 tour to Australia, until his retirement from international cricket in July 2012 after a serious eye injury against Somerset.
In 2021, during the Cricket South Africa's (CSA) Social Justice and Nation Building (SJN) transformation public hearings, Paul Adams claimed under oath that Mark Boucher and other teammates racially abused him by calling him a "brown shit" in a team song.
Linnwood is a heritage-listed former residence, school, local history museum and children's home and now historical society located at 11–35 Byron Road, Guildford in the Cumberland Council local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was designed and built by George McCredie during 1891. It is also known as Linwood Hall, Lynwood Hall and Guildford Truant School. The property is owned by the Cumberland Council and the NSW Office of Environment and Heritage. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 21 February 2003.
John Hodges (July 28, 1821 – April 23, 1891); known as Cool White, was an American blackface minstrel entertainer, who wrote or popularized the song "Buffalo Gals", published by him in 1844 under the title "Lubly Fan".  There is some dispute as to whether he composed the tune or adapted a traditional air.
Socialismo e barbarie (Socialism and Barbarism) is the second studio album released by the Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea in 1987. It is a less cohesive work than their first album, that ran the gamut from Middle Eastern music to the Soviet national anthem, from Catholic hymns to feedback workouts.
The title turn over the phrase "Socialisme ou Barbarie" (Socialism or Barbarism) from Rosa Luxemburg used in a 1916 essay, 'The Junius Pamphlet'.
"Manifesto" and the remake of the "National Anthem of the Soviet Union", "A ja ljublju SSSR" (with different lyrics) are strongly influenced by their pro-Soviet ideology.
"Sura", "Radio Kabul" about the Soviet–Afghan War (1979–1989), and "Inch'Allah ça va" are influenced by the Islamic culture and Middle Eastern music.
"Tu menti" is an attack on the nihilist punk rock of the Sex Pistols with explicit references to "Anarchy in the UK" and "Liar", and mimics the riff from the song "Submission".
"Libera me Domine" opens a new series of songs dedicated to religion, Christianity and Catholic hymns.
The album was re-released on CD by Virgin Records in 1988 with two additional songs, both from the 1987 7" single Oh! Battagliero.
Association in psychology refers to a mental connection between concepts, events, or mental states that usually stems from specific experiences. Associations are seen throughout several schools of thought in psychology including behaviorism, associationism, psychoanalysis, social psychology, and structuralism. The idea stems from Plato and Aristotle, especially with regard to the succession of memories, and it was carried on by philosophers such as John Locke, David Hume, David Hartley, and James Mill. It finds its place in modern psychology in such areas as memory, learning, and the study of neural pathways.


Arača (Serbian Cyrillic: Арача; Hungarian: Aracs) is a medieval Romanesque church ruin located about 12 km north of Novi Bečej, Serbia. The Department for protection and scientific study of Cultural Monuments in Belgrade issued a decision in 1948, in which the Romanesque church of Arača was placed under state protection.
The .356 Winchester is a semi-rimmed, bottle-necked, centerfire rifle cartridge which was designed for use in lever-action rifles. It was developed concurrently with the .307 Winchester which acted as the parent cartridge. Both cartridges were introduced in 1982 in the then-new Model 94 XTR lever-action rifle.
PPC Ltd, a supplier of cement, lime (material) and related products in southern Africa. It has 11 cement factories and a lime manufacturing facility in six African countries including South Africa, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Rwanda and Zimbabwe. The company is headquartered in Sandton (Johannesburg).
PPC’s Materials business, consisting of Pronto Holdings (including Pronto Building Materials, Ulula Ash and 3Q Mahuma Concrete), forms part of the company’s channel management strategy for southern Africa. PPC’s footprint in the readymix sector has grown to include 29 batching plants across South Africa and Mozambique and also has the capacity to produce half a million tons of fly ash. PPC also produces aggregates in South Africa and Botswana.
PPC Lime, one of the largest lime producers in the southern hemisphere, produces metallurgical-grade calcitic and dolomitic lime and sinter stone used mainly in the steel and related industries. In 2019, PPC Ltd indicated that currency depreciation in Zimbabwe had negatively affected the group's bottom-line.

		
			
			
		


Société Nationale Industrielle Aérospatiale v Lee Kui Jak [1987] UKPC 12, [1987] AC 871 is a judicial decision of Privy Council on appeal from Brunei which was for many years, and arguably still is, the leading authority in relation to anti-suit injunctions under the English common law.
The case concerned a fatal helicopter crash which killed Yong Joon San, a wealthy business magnate, amongst others.  Mr Yong's widow tried to sue various parties, including Société Nationale Industrielle Aérospatiale (SNIA) as manufacturer of the helicopter, in the courts of Texas under the Wrongful Death Statute in that state.  SNIA asked the courts to restrain the claimants from proceedings in court by way of an anti-suit injunction.  Their applications failed at first instance and on appeal, but succeeded in the Privy Council.
In handing down the judgment of the Privy Council, Lord Goff elaborated on the jurisdiction to grant anti-suit injunctions following his earlier decision in Spiliada Maritime Corp v Cansulex Ltd [1986] UKHL 10, [1987] AC 460, and set out the basic principles to be applied in relation to applications for such injunctions.  He held that it was not enough that the foreign court was not the most appropriate forum - it was necessary to show that the foreign proceedings must be "vexatious or oppressive" for an injunction restraining them to be issued.
McCandless Lunar Lander, also known as the McCandless Lunar Delivery Service, is a concept for a robotic lunar lander proposed as one of the commercial cargo vehicles for NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS). The lander was proposed to NASA for funding by the aerospace company Lockheed Martin, and it is based on the successful Mars landers Phoenix and InSight.
Founded in 1988, The Historic Brass Society (HBS) is an international music organization whose goal is to promote the exchange of serious ideas about the history and performance of brass instruments and music, ranging from Antiquity through the twentieth century.
The Scottish Barony Register is a non-statutory register that was established and is currently maintained by members of the legal profession in Scotland. It was incorporated as a private company limited by guarantee, registered under the number SC276349. Its current Custodian is Alastair Shepherd, a retired solicitor and a Writer to His Majesty's Signet.
Eldorado is a former mining community turned ghost town located on Beaverlodge Lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada. Its original name was Beaverlodge. Eldorado and nearby Uranium City are along Saskatchewan Highway 962, an isolated stretch of highway.
Vetastenna is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.


Benbros (London) Ltd was a British toy company in existence from the late 1940s to 1965.
The company was founded by two brothers, Jack and Nathan Benenson, the name, a contraction of "Benenson Brothers", was adopted in 1951 and the company was based at 145, Gosport Road, Walthamstow.
Benbros produced:

Die cast metal model cars and farm machinery under the names of "Qualitoys" and "T.V. Series" that came packed in a box that looked like a television set that were later retitled "Mighty Midgets".
"Zebra Toys" that came in black and white striped boxes that were better quality models.
Hollow cast metal Robin Hood, cowboy and Indian figures and toy soldiers.
Timpo Toys sold several of their moulds to Benbros, which can lead to collectors to having difficulty identifying which company made some figures.
Eduardo Souza may refer to:

Eduardo do Nascimento Souza (born 1980), Brazilian football manager
Eduardo Godinho Felipe de Souza (born 1981), Brazilian footballer
Eduardo Prieto Souza (1882–?), Mexican Olympic fencer
Eduardo Rodrigues Souza (born 1991)
Eduardo de Souza (born 1944), Brazilian Olympic sailor
The Wearside Football League is a non-league football competition based in northern England. It consists of three divisions which sits at steps 7 to 9 of the National League System (levels 11 to 13 of the Football pyramid) and is a feeder to the Northern League Division Two.
Founded in 1892, the Wearside League's level has fluctuated in its history, though it has typically sat below the Northern League. The league's high point was probably during the 1960s and 70s after several teams from the defunct North Eastern League joined it; Wearside League teams won the FA Vase in 1978 and 1981. With the restructuring of the National League System in the early 2000s its place at step 7 became fully established, helped by a merger with the Durham Alliance Combination League in 2017. The league has expanded and contracted its number of divisions over the years, and as of 2021-22 consists of three divisions.
Although centred on Wearside and County Durham, the league has contained teams from Tyneside as well, with some geographical overlap with the Northern Football Alliance at the leagues' borders. Teams from Northern Cumbria and North Yorkshire also compete in the league. The league also operates three cup competitions: the Monkwearmouth Charity Cup and the Shipowners' Charity Cup, both of which have been contested since the 1890s, and the League Challenge Cup, which came into being in the 1930s.
Nemesis is a semi-cooperative science fiction Polish board game for 1-5 players, designed by Adam Kwapiński and published by Awaken Realms in 2018. The game is set in the spaceship Nemesis, and includes co-operative mechanisms with other confrontational mechanisms and conflicting objectives. Upon its release, Nemesis was positively received for its replayability, tension, and components, but its high complexity was met with criticism.


Lauren Elliott is an American video game designer, internet entrepreneur, publisher and inventor.  He is recognized as one of the pioneers in the edutainment video game industry.
Elliott's greatest success to date came as the original co-designer for the Carmen Sandiego game series which remains the best-selling edutainment game in history.
Hillforts in Scotland are earthworks, sometimes with wooden or stone enclosures, built on higher ground, which usually include a significant settlement, built within the modern boundaries of Scotland. They were first studied in the eighteenth century and the first serious field research was undertaken in the nineteenth century. In the twentieth century there were large numbers of archaeological investigations of specific sites, with an emphasis on establishing a chronology of the forts. Forts have been classified by type and their military and ritual functions have been debated.
They were introduced into Scotland during the Bronze Age from around 1000 BCE. The largest group are from the Iron Age, with over 1,000 hillforts, mostly below the Clyde-Forth line, most of which were abandoned during the period of Roman occupation of Britain. There are also large numbers of vitrified forts, which have been subjected to fire, many of which may date to this period and are found across Scotland. After Roman occupation in the early Middle Ages some hillforts were reoccupied and petty kingdoms were often ruled from smaller nucleated forts using defensible natural features, as at Edinburgh and Dunbarton.
Bhaudry Gildas Massouanga Moldakoldad (born 8 September 1982) is a footballer from Republic of the Congo who currently plays in Georgia for FC Olimpi Rustavi. He previously spent two years playing in Algeria.
Francis Marion Crawford (August 2, 1854 – April 9, 1909) was an American writer noted for his many novels, especially those set in Italy, and for his classic weird and fantastical stories.
Albert Heijnneman (28 October 1898 – 20 February 1944) was a Dutch sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was part of the Dutch resistance and was tortured to death by the Gestapo.
IRQ may refer to:

Interrupt request, a computer hardware signal
Iraq (ISO 3166-1 country code)
Qeshm Air (ICAO airline designator)
The Dinosaur Park Formation is the uppermost member of the Belly River Group (also known as the Judith River Group), a major geologic unit in southern Alberta. It was deposited during the Campanian stage of the Late Cretaceous, between about 76.5 and 74.4 million years ago. It was deposited in alluvial and coastal plain environments, and it is bounded by the nonmarine Oldman Formation below it and the marine Bearpaw Formation above it.
The Dinosaur Park Formation contains dense concentrations of dinosaur skeletons, both articulated and disarticulated, which are often found with preserved remains of soft tissues. Remains of other animals such as fish, turtles, and crocodilians, as well as plant remains, are also abundant. The formation has been named after Dinosaur Provincial Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site where the formation is well exposed in the badlands that flank the Red Deer River.


Hassanpur Khurd is a village in Batala in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) from sub district headquarter, 43 kilometres (27 mi) from district headquarter and 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from Sri Hargobindpur. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Bradinopyga konkanensis is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the Konkan rockdweller. It is endemic to the Western Coastal Plains of India.
Foxy Production is a New York contemporary art gallery founded by Michael Gillespie and John Thomson.
Foxy Production, established in 2003, is currently located in Chinatown, New York City. Windowed on three sides and housed within a landmark Victorian building, the gallery space is designed by London architects Matheson Whiteley. Foxy Production inaugurated its gallery program in January 2003 after a series of intermittent projects between 2001 and 2002. The gallery opened in Brooklyn and then moved to Manhattan in September 2003. In January 2006 it opened a new ground floor space in west Chelsea before moving to Chinatown.
Gallery artists include Hany Armanious, Gina Beavers, Michael Bell-Smith, Olga Chernysheva, Srijon Chowdhury, Petra Cortright, Sara Cwynar, Simone Gilges, Gabriel Hartley, Violet Hopkins, Stephen Lichty, Cindy Ji Hye Kim, Ester Partegàs, Sterling Ruby, and Travess Smalley.
Besides its core program, the gallery has presented a number of curated exhibitions, including Minty (2012), Highways Connect and Divide (2011); The Phantasm (2011)  Cloud (2011) Abstract Abstract (2009); Networked Nature (2007)  Autonomy (2005), the Dare performance series (2005), and The Infinite Fill Show (2004). More recent group shows include Design for Living (2018) and Mature Themes (2018).
The Silver Jubilee Independence Cup was a One Day International cricket tournament held in Dhaka, Bangladesh during January 1998. The tournament was held as a celebration of 25 years of Bangladesh's independence and all the games were held at Bangabandhu National Stadium, Dhaka, Bangladesh.India, Pakistan and the hosts Bangladesh were the participating teams in the tournament.
India were the winners of the tournament after beating Pakistan in the third final of the best of three finals. India successfully chased Pakistan's total of 314/5 in a match that, at the time, was a world record for the highest successful run chase in One Day International cricket. Hrishikesh Kanitkar hit a four ( Video )when 3 runs were required off the last two balls to help India chase down the record target and lift the Silver Jubilee Independence Cup.
Saurav Ganguly was awarded player of the match for his century in the third final, while Sachin Tendulkar was named the player of the series.
Raising Buchanan is a 2019 American comedy film produced by Amanda Melby, Joe Gruberman, Chadwick Struck and Cathy Shim, written and directed by Bruce Dellis. The film stars René Auberjonois in the role of the title character, James Buchanan, the 15th president of the United States, and was his final role released in his lifetime. He died in December 2019. The film was Bruce Dellis' first full-length feature. Raising Buchanan was filmed in and near Phoenix, Arizona.
Jean-Pierre Armengaud (born 17 June 1943) is a French music educator, musicologist, researcher and pianist.
Charles Rain was an American magic realist painter during the 20th century.
Marlay Park (Irish: Páirc Mharlaí) is an 86 hectares (210 acres) suburban public park located in Rathfarnham in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Ireland. Lying about nine kilometres (5.5 miles) from Dublin city centre, the parkland comprises woodlands, ponds and walks. Recreational spaces include a nine-hole, par-three golf course (reopened in 2010 after redesign and rebuild), tennis courts, six soccer pitches, five GAA pitches, a cricket pitch,a dog park, two children's playgrounds and a miniature railway run by the Dublin Society of Model and Experimental Engineers. There is also a craft courtyard with home craft shops and a coffee shop.
Dublin County Council acquired the land in 1972 and developed it as a regional park. Opened in 1975, it is now administered by Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown County Council. Dublin Bus serves the park directly with the 16 bus, but the following bus is within walking distance: 14 directly to the city centre. The 75 bus goes to Dún Laoghaire. Since 2000 Marlay Park has become a popular music venue with a maximum capacity of 40,000 featuring both renowned national and international performers.
The park's name is commonly misspelt as Marley, most notably in nearby housing developments (see below).


Smithburg may refer to:

Smithburg, New Jersey
Smithburg, West Virginia
Smithsburg, Maryland
Rabbah bar Naḥmani (Jewish Babylonian Aramaic: רבה בר נחמני) (died c. 320 CE) was a Jewish Talmudist known throughout the Talmud simply as Rabbah. He was a third-generation amora who lived in Sassanian Babylonia.
Frances Fabri, born Sárika Ladányi (22 September 1929 – 9 January 2006), was a Hungarian-born author and Holocaust survivor. She was born in Békés, Hungary.
"Underneath" is the 17th episode of the fifth season of the American television series Angel. Written by Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain and directed by Skip Schoolnik, it was originally broadcast on April 14, 2004 on the WB television network.
In "Underneath", Angel, Spike and Gunn find the exiled Lindsey in a suburban hell dimension to bring him back to Earth to interrogate him on what he knows about the Senior Partners' plans for the upcoming apocalypse. Meanwhile, a well-dressed, deadly stranger named Marcus Hamilton infiltrates Wolfram & Hart looking for Eve, and a grief-stricken Wesley withdraws into drinking while trying to ‘domesticate’ the evil but confused Illyria to the ways of Earth.
In 1948, Billboard magazine published two charts ranking the top-performing songs in the United States within rhythm and blues (R&B) and related African-American-oriented musical genres.  The Most Played Juke Box Race Records chart had been published since 1945; placings were based on a weekly survey among jukebox operators.  In May, the magazine added the Best Selling Retail Race Records listing, compiled based on a survey of record stores nationwide in which the majority of customers purchased what were then referred to as "race records".  The two charts are considered to be part of the lineage of the magazine's multimetric R&B chart, which since 2005 has been published under the title Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
In the issue of Billboard dated January 3, 1948, "(Opportunity Knocks But Once) Snatch and Grab It" by Julia Lee and her Boy Friends topped the jukebox chart.  The song occupied the top spot for eight of the first ten weeks of 1948, spending its final week at number one in the issue dated March 6; two weeks later, Lee returned to the top of the chart with the song "King Size Papa", which had a nine-week run at number one. Lee's 17 weeks atop the jukebox chart was the most achieved by any artist in 1948, but she would not achieve another number one and her final chart entry came in 1949.  In the May 22 issue, the first to feature the new best sellers chart, "Tomorrow Night" by Lonnie Johnson topped both listings.
In addition to Julia Lee, two other acts achieved two number ones in 1948.  Bandleader and pianist Sonny Thompson spent two non-consecutive weeks atop both listings with "Long Gone" (Parts I & II) between July and October, and one week atop each in October with "Late Freight".  The two records, both of which featured saxophonist Eddie Chamblee, were Thompson's first two chart entries, but he would never achieve another number one.  Bull Moose Jackson also achieved two chart-toppers, "I Love You Yes I Do" and "I Can't Go on Without You", but like Thompson he would not return to number one.  In December, two versions of the song "Bewildered" reached number one.  The Red Miller Trio topped the best sellers listing in the issue dated December 4 and the jukebox chart two weeks later.  In the December 25 issue Amos Milburn reached the top spot on the best sellers chart with his version, in the same week that his song "Chicken Shack Boogie" was at number one on the jukebox chart.  Despite the success of Miller's version of "Bewildered", it would prove to be the only charting song of his career and little is known about his life.  In June and July, Wynonie Harris topped both charts with "Good Rockin' Tonight"; the track was later recorded by Elvis Presley and is considered a historic precursor of rock and roll music.
Desert Legion is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Alan Ladd.
Xenoturbella is a genus of very simple bilaterians up to a few centimeters long. It contains a small number of marine benthic worm-like species.
The first known species (Xenoturbella bocki) was collected in 1878 and 1879 in the Gullmar fiord on the Swedish west coast by August Malm and is stored in the collection of the Gothenburg Natural History Museum. A specimen is on display in the exhibition. It was collected again in the Gullmar fiord in 1915 by Sixten Bock, but it was only properly described in 1949 by Einar Westblad. The type specimens are kept at the Swedish national museum of natural history in Stockholm.
Riðill (sometimes anglicised to Rithill or Ridill) or Refil is a sword that appears in Norse Mythology, possessed by the dwarf Regin.
Under the guidance of Regin, Sigurd killed Fáfnir, Regin's older brother that had killed their father Hreiðmarr and monopolized his treasure. Afterward, Fafnir's heart was cut out and roasted for Sigurd and Regin to eat. According to Poetic Edda, Regin used Riðill to cut out Fafnir's heart. But in the Volsunga saga,  it is Sigurd who used Riðill and cut out the heart at that occasion.
In Skáldskaparmál, the name of Regin's sword is Refil.


PMAG can refer to:

Presidential Management Alumni Group, non-profit organization
Provisional Military Advisory Group, original name of the Korean Military Advisory Group
A line of polymer rifle magazines manufactured by Magpul Industries
The Battle of Chashniki (Russian: Бой под Чашниками; Belarusian: Бой пад Чашнікамі; Lithuanian: Čašnikų mūšis), sometimes also called the Battle of Czasniki, was fought during Napoleon's invasion of Russia, on 31 October 1812, between Russian forces under General Wittgenstein, and the French Army, commanded by Marshal Victor. This battle was a failed effort by the French to reestablish their northern "Dvina Line", which had crumbled as a result of Wittgenstein's victory at the Second battle of Polotsk just two weeks earlier.
A comfort woman was a woman forced into sexual slavery by the Imperial Japanese Army in occupied territories before and during World War II.
Comfort Woman may also refer to:

Comfort Woman (album) by Me'shell Ndegeocello
Comfort Woman (novel) by Nora Okja Keller
Comfort women in the arts
This is a list of contestants who have appeared on the Mexican television show Mexico's Next Top Model. Contestants compete against each other to become the next top Mexican top model. They are judged by model Jaydy Michel  (Elsa Benítez in previous cycles) and her panel of judges, to win a modeling contract with a top modeling agency and along with other prizes. The series first aired in 2009 and as of 2014, there have been five cycles.
Alternate reality (or Alternative reality, UK English) often refers to parallel universes in fiction, a self-contained separate world, universe or reality coexisting with the real world, which is used as a recurring plot point or setting used in fantasy and science fiction.
Alternate reality may also refer to:
Charles James "Buddy" Robinson III (born September 30, 1991) is an American professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing under contract with Traktor Chelyabinsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Laceyella tengchongensis  is a thermophilic bacterium from the genus of Laceyella which has been isolated from soil from the Big Empty Volcano in Tengchong in China.
The Mittagstein is a 1,034-metre-high (3,392 ft) mountain peak which rises in the middle of the Kaitersberg in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany.
On its forested summit is a chapel built in memory of those who have fallen in war. There is also a rocky viewpoint with views into the Zeller Valley and across to the Großer Riedelstein. Some distance below the highest point is the Kötztinger Hütte belonging to the Bavarian Forest Club (Bayerischer Wald-Verein), which is open during summer months and offers overnight accommodation.
Numerous hiking trails climb the Mittagstein, for example those from Hohenwarth, Bad Kötzting, Bärndorf and Steinbühl. A favourite of hikers is the walk along the length of the Kaitersberg ridge from Bad Kötzting following E6 European long distance path which crosses the Kreuzfelsen, the Mittagstein, the Rauchröhren and the Großer Riedelstein to Ecker Saddle.
In psychology, hodological space (from the Greek word hodos, which means "way") refers to the space of possible movement. Unlike the straight line, this space involves the so-called "preferred paths", which serve as a compromise of different domains that include shortest distance, security, minimal work, and maximum experience.
Cabeçalinho is a settlement in the western part of the island of São Nicolau, Cape Verde. In 2010 its population was 155. It is situated 3 km southwest of Ribeira Brava and 6 km northeast of Tarrafal de São Nicolau. To its northwest is Monte Gordo.
Velimir Živojinović may refer to:

Massuka Živojinović (1886–1974)
Bata Živojinović (1933–2016)
Warthermarske is a hamlet in the Harrogate borough of North Yorkshire, England. It is near Swinton, about 1 mile (2 km) south-west of Masham. The village is not far from the River Ure, which eventually runs through the small city of Ripon, which itself is a few miles south-east of Warthermarske.
The village is at the southern corner of the Swinton Park Estate and was formerly included with the village of Swinton as one township.
The hamlet used to be known as Wardenmask and its name derives from Old English with a Scandinavian influence; Wardonmersk which means Marsh at a Watch-Hill.
Hirofumi Ouchi (大内寛文, Ōuchi Hirofumi), (born 26 January 1968 in Hiroshima) is a former Japanese rugby union player who played as flanker. He is currently the coach of Ryukoku University Rugby Football Club.
Grandes is compilation album released by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná. They released this greatest hits album for distribution in Italy.
Andrew Tsien Chih-ch'un (Chinese: 錢志純; pinyin: Qián Zhìchún; 9 April 1926 – 18 February 2009) was the third Catholic bishop of Hwalien. He was ordained a priest in Taipei in 1953. He was appointed bishop after Paul Shan Kuo-hsi was appointed bishop of Kaohsiung. He retired in 2001.
In programming language theory, the POPLmark challenge (from "Principles of Programming Languages benchmark", formerly Mechanized Metatheory for the Masses!) (Aydemir, 2005) is a set of benchmarks designed to evaluate the state of automated reasoning (or mechanization) in the metatheory of programming languages, and to stimulate discussion and collaboration among a diverse cross section of the formal methods community. Very loosely speaking, the challenge is about measurement of how well programs may be proven to match a specification of how they are intended to behave (and the many complex issues that this involves). The challenge was initially proposed by the members of the PL club at the University of Pennsylvania, in association with collaborators around the world. The Workshop on Mechanized Metatheory is the main meeting of researchers participating in the challenge.
The design of the POPLmark benchmark is guided by features common to reasoning about programming languages. The challenge problems do not require the formalisation of large programming languages, but they do require sophistication in reasoning about:

Binding
Most programming languages have some form of binding, ranging in complexity from the simple binders of simply typed lambda calculus to complex, potentially infinite binders needed in the treatment of record patterns.
Induction
Properties such as subject reduction and strong normalisation often require complex induction arguments.
Reuse
Furthering collaboration being a key aim of the challenge, the solutions are expected to contain reusable components that would allow researchers to share language features and designs without requiring them to start from scratch every time.
Shishak, also spelled Shishaq or Susac (Hebrew: שִׁישַׁק, romanized: Šīšaq, Tiberian: [ʃiʃaq], Ancient Greek: Σουσακίμ, romanized: Sousakim), was, according to the Hebrew Bible, an Egyptian pharaoh who sacked Jerusalem in the 10th century BC. He is usually identified with the pharaoh Shoshenq I.
He supported Jeroboam against king Rehoboam of Judah, and led a successful campaign through that country with a large army. Shishak did not destroy Jerusalem but took the treasures of Solomon's Temple and the king's house. His campaign records, found in the Bubastite Portal at Karnak and a relief at el-Hibeh, list several conquered towns but fail to mention Jerusalem. The omission has sparked various theories, with some scholars questioning the historical accuracy of the Biblical account and others suggesting possible explanations for the omission. Shishak has also appeared in popular culture, notably in the film Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Gustaf Vilhelm Carlberg (5 April 1880 – 1 October 1970) was a Swedish Army officer and sports shooter. He competed at the 1908, 1912 and 1924 Olympics and won three gold and four silver. With three gold and two silver medals he was the most successful athlete at the 1912 Olympics. In 1913, he won two medals at the ISSF World Shooting Championships. His twin brother Eric competed alongside Gustaf at all those four Olympics.
Vilhelm and Eric were the youngest of four children of a veterinarian, who died when they were 12 years old. The twins became military officers in 1901 and retired in the rank of major. In 1911 they became physical education instructors. Besides shooting, Vilhelm was a keen gymnast, who took part in the exhibition at the 1906 Olympics and helped organizing gymnastics events at the 1912 Games. In 1921 Vilhelm married the singer Elsa Reuter.
Zavoy Nunatak (Bulgarian: нунатак Завой, ‘Nunatak Zavoy’ \'nu-na-tak za-'voy\) is the mostly ice-free rocky ridge extending 2.8 km in north-northwest to south-southeast direction and 1.4 km wide, rising to 920 m on the west side of Elgar Uplands in northern Alexander Island, Antarctica. It surmounts Nichols Snowfield to the northwest, Gilbert Glacier to the southwest, and the head of Bartók Glacier to the southeast.  The vicinity was visited on 30 January 1988 by the geological survey team of Christo Pimpirev and Borislav Kamenov (First Bulgarian Antarctic Expedition), and Philip Nell and Peter Marquis (British Antarctic Survey).
The feature is named after the settlement of Zavoy in Southeastern Bulgaria.
Inna Ilyinichna Meiman-Kitrossky (Russian: И́нна Ильи́нична Китро́сская-Ме́йман, 16 October 1932, Moscow – 9 February 1987, Georgetown, Washington, D.C.) was a refusenik, a member of a group of refuseniks-cancer patients, and an author of textbooks for the English language.
Luis Alberto Aguilar (born November 21, 1953) is an American lawyer and former U.S. government official.
He was the Democratic commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from July 31, 2008, until December 2015 (after his term expired). He had been appointed by U.S. President George W. Bush on March 31, 2008, and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on June 27, 2008; he was sworn in as a commissioner on July 31, 2008. He was reappointed by President Barack Obama in 2011. At the time his tenure ended he was the eight longest-serving Commissioner in SEC history and was one of only three Commissioners to have been nominated by two U.S. Presidents from two different political parties.
Sébastien Faure (6 January 1858 – 14 July 1942) was a French anarchist, convicted sex offender, freethought and secularist activist and a principal proponent of synthesis anarchism.
The Minisci reaction (Italian: [miˈniʃʃi]) is a named reaction in organic chemistry. It is a nucleophilic radical substitution to an electron deficient aromatic compound, most commonly the introduction of an alkyl group to a nitrogen containing heterocycle. The reaction was published in 1971 by F. Minisci. In the case of  N-Heterocycles, the conditions must be acidic to ensure protonation of said heterocycle. A typical reaction is that between pyridine and pivalic acid with silver nitrate, sulfuric acid and ammonium persulfate to form 2-tert-butylpyridine. The reaction resembles Friedel-Crafts alkylation but with opposite reactivity and selectivity.
The Minisci reaction often produces a mixture of regioisomers that can complicate product purification, but modern reaction conditions are incredibly mild, allowing a wide range of alkyl groups to be introduced. Depending on the radical source used, one side-reaction is acylation, with the ratio between alkylation and acylation depending on the substrate and the reaction conditions. Due to the inexpensive raw materials and simple reaction conditions, the Minisci reaction has found many applications in heterocyclic chemistry.


Tjilbruke (also Tjirbruki, Tjilbruki, Tjirbruke, Tjirbuk or Tjirbuki,) is an important creation ancestor for the Kaurna people of the Adelaide plains in the Australian state of South Australia. Tjilbruke was a Kaurna man, who appeared in Kaurna Dreaming dating back about 11,000 years. The Tjilbruke Dreaming Track or Tjilbruke Dreaming Trail is a major Dreaming trail, which connects sites from within metropolitan Adelaide southwards as far as Cape Jervis, some of which are Aboriginal sacred sites of great significance.
Predrag Vujović (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Вујовић; born 20 August 1983) is a Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
The Leahy War Victims Fund donates prosthetic devices and other rehabilitation services to over 250,000 people with disabilities in 40 countries through the US Agency for International Development.
Route 158 is a short highway in Butler County, Missouri.  The eastern terminus is at Route 142 and the road runs straight west for 6 miles (10 km).  The western terminus is at the intersection of U.S. Route 67 (Future Interstate 57) and U.S. Route 160 about 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Poplar Bluff.  The town of Harviell is the only town on the highway.
Martins Creek is an unincorporated community in Cherokee County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.


The Room (or Rhume) Run Railroad was an early American gravity railroad with self-acting planes. It was built by the Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company to transport coal from the Room Run Mine in Nesquehoning, Pennsylvania to landings at Mauch Chunk on the Lehigh River so it could be shipped on the Lehigh Canal to the Delaware River at Easton, Pennsylvania to markets in Philadelphia or New York City via the Delaware or Morris Canals.
Werewolf Hour (Russian: Час оборотня, romanized: Chas oborotnya) is a 1990 Soviet horror film directed by Igor Shevchenko.
The film was considered lost for over 30 years.
Corcyra is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Ragonot in 1885, and is known from China, Great Britain, Australia, and Egypt.
Gordon Froud (born 1963 in Johannesburg) is a South African artist and curator.  Froud's work has been showcased in hundreds of exhibitions throughout South Africa and the world, and he has served as a judge for several national art competitions. He has been the recipient of numerous awards including a Merit Award for Sculpture in the 1988 New Signatures Competition and an ABSA Gold Medal for contribution to the arts in 2005. Froud has also spent many years working as an art educator at both the secondary and tertiary level in London and South Africa. Perhaps known best for his use of found and untraditional materials in his sculptures, Froud attempts to explore the human condition in his work, particularly with regard to DNA, babies, genetics, bacteria, viruses and self-portraits. He currently balances his art practice and curation with running his own Gordart Gallery, which focuses on developing previously little-known artists.
Hospers is a city in Sioux County, Iowa, United States, along the Floyd River. The population was 718 at the time of the 2020 census.
Mario George Bratu (born 7 June 2002) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or a winger for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.
Michael Chapman (29 September 1939 - 15 March 2019) was an English Anglican priest who was the Archdeacon of Northampton from 1991 to his retirement in 2004.
Marsh was educated at Lichfield Cathedral School, Ellesmere College, the University of Leeds and the College of the Resurrection; and ordained deacon in 1963 and priest in 1964. After a curacy in Sunderland he was a Chaplain in the Royal Navy from 1968 until 1984. In that year he became Vicar of St Mark the Evangelist Church, Upper Hale, Farnham, Surrey, and in 1988 its Rural Dean, holding both posts until his appointment as Archdeacon.
He died in 2019, aged 79. He was survived by his wife, Bernadette.
Koulakou is a town in the Kouka Department of Banwa Province in western Burkina Faso. As of 2005 it had a population of 1,454.
Ganjavan (Persian: گنجوان, also Romanized as Ganjavān; also known as Ganjūwān and Qal‘eh Kanjavān) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 33 families.
Jussi Petteri Jokinen (born April 1, 1983) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey forward. After playing in his native Finland with Oulun Kärpät of the Liiga he was drafted by the National Hockey League (NHL)'s Dallas Stars in 2001 in the sixth round, 192nd overall, and spent his first three NHL seasons with the team. Jokinen has also played in the NHL for the Tampa Bay Lightning, Carolina Hurricanes, Pittsburgh Penguins, Florida Panthers, Edmonton Oilers, Los Angeles Kings, Columbus Blue Jackets and Vancouver Canucks.
Jokinen is of no relation to former NHL player Olli Jokinen, but has a younger brother, Juho, who also plays hockey. During his NHL career, Jokinen was widely considered a shootout and faceoff specialist.
Screamers is a 2006 documentary film directed by Carla Garapedian, conceived by Peter McAlevey and Garapedian and produced by McAlevey. The film explores why genocides have occurred in modern day history and features talks from Serj Tankian, lead vocalist of the American alternative metal band System of a Down, whose grandfather is an Armenian genocide survivor, as well as from human-rights activist, journalist, and professor, Samantha Power, as well as various other people involved with genocides in Rwanda and Darfur. Screamers also examines genocide denial in current-day Turkey, and the neutral trend that the United States generally holds towards genocide.
Screamers is now shown in Armenian Youth organizations to explain and clarify the Armenian genocide, and raise awareness. Also, it is used to educate Armenians and others about the genocide.
Alfred Young Nutt, MVO, ISO (5 May 1847 – 25 July 1924) was an English architect and artist, who was Surveyor to the Dean and Canons of St George's Chapel, Windsor in the late 19th century.
Po Lam Estate (Chinese: 寶林邨) is a mixed TPS and public housing estate in Tseung Kwan O, New Territories, Hong Kong, near Metro City and MTR Po Lam station. It is the first public housing estate in Tseung Kwan O and has a total of seven residential blocks with 5,272 units. Some of the flats were sold to tenants through Tenants Purchase Scheme Phase 6A in 2004.
Ying Ming Court (英明苑) and Yan Ming Court (欣明苑) are Home Ownership Scheme housing courts in Tseung Kwan O near Po Lam Estate, built in 1989 and 1990 respectively.
Surfer hair is a tousled type of hairstyle, popularized by surfers from the 1950s onwards, traditionally long, thick and naturally bleached from high exposure to the sun and salt water of the sea. In the late 1960s and 1970s, the long hair and general lack of personal grooming was closely associated with hippie culture. Today, hairstyling companies brand their own hair gels, shampoos and hair wax to achieve the "surfer look" with hairstyles that are often shorter than traditionally, which often require more grooming to achieve the permanent hair lift or intentional windswept look. Amongst women, fashion magazines have referred to "sun streaked surfer hair" as a desirable look for women, although genuine surfer hair is often heavily damaged by the elements.
St. Marks Is Dead: The Many Lives of America's Hippest Street is a nonfiction book by Ada Calhoun about the history of St. Mark's Place, a three-block stretch of East Village, Manhattan. Calhoun, who grew up on the street, shows how disillusioned bohemians of every era have declared "St. Marks Is Dead" when their era on the street passed. The book was released on November 2, 2015, by W. W. Norton & Company. It was named by many publications one of the best books of 2015.
Eccles is a town in the City of Salford Metropolitan Borough, Greater Manchester, England.  The town, which includes the area of Patricroft, contains 25 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England.  Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, three are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.
Eccles is an ancient settlement, and it grew in size during the 19th century with the development of the textile industry in the town.  The oldest listed building is a church, and apart from a 17th-century house and a sundial, the others date from the 19th and 20th centuries.  The later listed buildings include houses, churches, public houses, a hotel, a library, an aqueduct portal, and a war memorial.  Barton aerodrome developed in the 1930s, and two surviving structures from this are listed.
Amory Maynard (1804–1890) was a textile manufacturer who was the namesake of Maynard, Massachusetts.
Zahoor Elahi (born 1 March 1971) is a Pakistani cricket coach and former cricketer. He played in two Test matches and 14 One Day Internationals between 1996 and 1997. His debut was against Zimbabwe.
Apocynum venetum, commonly known as sword-leaf dogbane, is a plant species in the dogbane family that is poisonous but used as a source of fiber, medicine, and nectar for production of honey.
Hawes is a market town and civil parish in North Yorkshire, England, at the head of Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales, and historically in the North Riding of Yorkshire. The River Ure north of the town is a tourist attraction in the Yorkshire Dales National Park.
The population in 2011 was 887.
The parish of Hawes also includes the neighbouring hamlet of Gayle. Hawes is 31.2 miles (50.2 km) west of the county town of Northallerton. It is a major producer of Wensleydale cheese.
Hawes has a non-profit group that seeks funding to re-open or keep community amenities.
David Hamilton Golland (born 1971) is an American historian of the 20th-century United States with a focus on the history of civil rights, public policy, politics, and labor.  He serves as dean of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences and Professor of History at Monmouth University.
Remember Me: The Mahalia Jackson Story—Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album accompanying the 2022 biographical musical drama film of the same name directed by Denise Dowse. The soundtrack was released on November 18, 2022, through Paul Wright III's 360MusicWorX label and Ericka Nicole Malone's entertainment company ENME, both of whom also serve executive producers for the film. 


The 784th Tank Battalion, was a United States Army segregated combat independent tank battalion during World War II.
It was originally attached to the 5th US Tank Group that was based in Camp Claiborne, Louisiana during World War II. The 5th Tank Group also included the 758th Tank Battalion, which saw action in Italy under the 92nd Division, and the most famous, the 761st Tank Battalion, which saw action in Northern Europe and saw extensive action during the Battle of the Bulge. These three units were composed of African American personnel with African American junior officers and white senior officers.
The 784th went into action late December 1944. Landing in France on Christmas Day 1944, the battalion consisted of six companies: A (Able), B (Baker), C (Charlie), D (Dog), Headquarters and Service Company. A, B and C Companies had M4 and M4A3 Medium Tanks while D company had M5A1 Stuart Light Tanks. Headquarters Company had a 105 mm assault platoon, a reconnaissance platoon and 81 mm mortar platoon.
On 31 December 1944, the 784th began official combat operations with the 104th Infantry Division. They participated in actions along the Roer River. On 3 February 1945, the 784th was released from duty with the 104th Division to the 35th Infantry Division. On 8 February 1945, the 784th joined the 35th Division in a major offensive. On 26 February 1945, Able Company of the 784th assisted elements of the 134th Infantry Regiment from the 35th Infantry Division in capturing the town of Hilfarth across the Roer River. The next day they captured the town of Wassenberg. Baker Company along with the 137th Regiment (35th Div) took Golkrath, a village at Erkelenz.
3-Ureidopropionic acid, also called N-carbamoyl-beta-alanine, is an intermediate in the metabolism of uracil.  It is a urea derivative of beta-alanine.


Salem Township is the name of some places in the U.S. state of Michigan:

Salem Township, Allegan County, Michigan
Salem Township, Washtenaw County, Michigan
Edmund George McCorquodale (23 July 1881 – 24 May 1904) was an English first-class cricketer.
The son of George Frederick McCorquodale and his wife, Mary Augusta Walcott Henderson, he was born at Weybridge in July 1881. He was educated at Harrow School, before going up to Trinity College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge, he made two appearances in first-class cricket for Cambridge University in 1901, against Worcestershire and Surrey. After injuring himself in the Surrey match, he featured in no further first-class matches for Cambridge. In addition to playing first-class cricket, he also played minor counties cricket for Hertfordshire in 1899, making two appearances in the Minor Counties Championship. He died from appendicitis in May 1904 at Tulcan Lodge in Advie, Morayshire.
Combustication is the fifth major album by experimental jazz fusion trio Medeski Martin & Wood, released on August 11, 1998. Combustication was MMW's first album for the jazz label Blue Note Records. The album is their first to include an accompanying turntablist, in this case longtime MMW collaborator DJ Logic. Combustication features instrumental renditions of the Sly and the Family Stone hit "Everyday People," as well as the Hawaiian traditional "No Ke Ano Ahiahi."
Wild Things is the first release by British duo the Creatures (singer Siouxsie Sioux and drummer Budgie). It was issued on 25 September 1981 by Polydor Records as two 7" single records in a "double-album" style card cover, and is usually referred to as an EP. It peaked on the UK Singles Chart at No. 24, and the pair performed "Mad Eyed Screamer" on Top of the Pops. The EP was entirely remastered in 1997 and reissued as part of the A Bestiary Of CD compilation – which was also released on Spotify.
Alagovac Lake is a lake in the municipality of Nevesinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It covers an area of 40 hectares (99 acres).
Kumaranalloor is a suburb of Kottayam city, Kottayam taluk, Kerala, India. Kottayam city is just 5 km south of Kumaranalloor. The region was administered by the Kumaranallur grama panchayath till 2010, before the local self-governing body was merged into the Kottayam municipality. The former Panchayath office now exists as the regional administrative office for the municipality. The village is situated on the banks of Meenachil river.
Thiruthani is a 2012 Indian Tamil-language vigilante action film written and directed by Perarasu, who has also composed the soundtrack and background score. The film stars Bharath and Sunaina in the lead roles, while Rajkiran, Pandiarajan and Ashish Vidyarthi play other pivotal roles. The cinematography was handled by K. Bala while V. Jaishankar handles the editing. 
Thiruthani was released on 19 October 2012, where it received highly negative reviews from critics and became a box-office bomb.
Arthur Theodore Wallace Grout (30 March 1927 – 9 November 1968), known as Wally Grout, was a Test cricketer who kept wicket for Australia and Queensland.
Grout played in 51 Test matches between 1957 and 1966. He made his Test debut against South Africa at Wanderers Stadium, during which he caught a record six wickets behind the stumps in the 
For many years, Grout played second fiddle to Don Tallon in the Queensland state team, and was unable to cement a regular spot as wicket keeper until Tallon's retirement in 1953. In a Sheffield Shield match against Western Australia at Brisbane in 1960, he took 8 catches in an innings, setting a world record.
He died suddenly from a heart attack at the age of 41, only 3 years after ending his playing career. On 27 January 2016 Wally was inducted into the Australian Cricket Hall of Fame.


Putli mandi, is a Filipino dessert steamed rice cake originating from the Tausug and Yakan people of Sulu. It is made from glutinous rice dough (though it can also be made with cassava) rolled into balls and filled with sweetened coconut strips (hinti). It traditionally uses pulut glutinous rice which gives it a natural deep purple color, but it is also commonly dyed in modern versions. It is sprinkled with fresh grated coconut before serving. The name comes from Tausug putli ("princess") and mandi ("bath"). 
Putlimandi is similar to pichi-pichi but differs in that pichi-pichi does not normally have fillings.
Conceived by Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy, the 1961 McCloy–Zorin Accords between the United States and the Soviet Union established a foundation or "roadmap" for all future negotiations and international treaties with regard to nuclear and general and complete disarmament under effective international control. Effectively aiming at abolishing war as an institution, it was unanimously passed by the UN General Assembly on December 20.
The McCloy–Zorin Accords provided far-reaching measures. The Agreed Principles for General and Complete Disarmament, as they were also known, emphatically declared that war should "no longer [be] an instrument for settling international problems;" "general and complete disarmament" was to be "accompanied by the establishment of reliable procedures for the peaceful settlement of disputes." The agreement also called for the "dismantling of military establishments ... cessation of the production of armaments ... elimination of all stockpiles of nuclear, chemical, bacteriological and other weapons of mass destructions [and] ... discontinuance of military expenditures." Member States were expected to make "agreed manpower" available to the United Nations, such as would be "necessary for an international peace force."
In Britain the trend was viewed with favor, its Foreign and Commonwealth Office apparently being happy "to see much in common between the Russian and the American plans," and aiming at "a master plan of our own, which would lead to the physical destruction of weapons, beginning now, and going on until the business is complete..." In 1963 Mr. Harold Wilson, speaking for the Labour Party in an address to the Fabian Society said that he would like to "establish a separate Ministry of Disarmament."
Kin Endate (円館 金, Endate Kin, born December 15, 1960) is a Japanese amateur astronomer who has discovered hundreds of asteroids, most of them in collaboration with Kazuro Watanabe, placing him among the most prolific discoverers of minor planets.
Chelker Reservoir is a man-made lake in North Yorkshire, England.  It lies in the parish of Draughton, immediately north of the A65 road, between Skipton and the village of Addingham.  It was put into service in 1866 and serves the Bradford area; it is currently owned by Yorkshire Water. The reservoir's main inflow is the River Wharfe.


Loomio is decision-making software and web service designed to assist groups with collaborative, consensus-focused decision-making processes. It is a free software web application, where users can initiate discussions and put up proposals.  As the discussions progress to initiating a proposal, the group receives feedback through an updatable pie chart or other data visualizations. Loomio is basically a web based forum (has optional email delivery interface) with tools to facilitate conversations and decision making processes from starting and holding conversations to reaching outcome.
Loomio was built by a small core group of developers, based out of Wellington, New Zealand. Most of the work was made by this core group but more than 70 contributors from around the world participated occasionally with small contribution.
In 2014, Loomio raised over $100,000 via a Crowdfunding effort to develop Loomio 1.0. The Loomio web interface supports mobile access and other enhancements. As of 2016, Loomio was used in more than 100 countries, with the software being translated into 35 languages.
Inada Dam (Japanese: 稲田ダム) is an earthfill dam located in Hokkaido Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 13 km2. The dam impounds about 7  ha of land when full and can store 410 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1979.
Neilrex is a bounded rural locality in north-western New South Wales, Australia. A now-removed railway station on the Gwabegar railway line was located there between 1917 and 1974. Wheat silos and a siding remain in use.
Gray Gordon, born Jerome Rohkar (May 4, 1904, Freeport, Illinois – July 18, 1976, New York City) was an American saxophonist and big band leader active in the 1930s and 1940s.
Gordon first led a band called the Pretzel Five when he was still in high school. He moved to Chicago in the mid-1920s, where he played with the Seattle Harmony Kings and Elmo Mack's Purple Derby Orchestra. He led a band which played the 1933 World's Fair in Chicago. In 1936 he relocated to New York City, where he founded his first professional band, taking the stage name Gray Gordon during a touring engagement at the Hotel Chase in St. Louis.
Gordon called his band the Tic Toc Rhythm, based on the distinct clock-like rhythmic figure played on temple blocks by his percussionist Frank Adams. This was often accompanied by a trombone figuration prior to the beginning of songs, which helped identify the band to listeners during radio performances. For several years from 1939, he held a six-month engagement at the Hotel Edison in New York, whose performances were broadcast nightly on radio, and toured the other half of the year. His group started as a smaller ensemble – three brass instruments, three saxophones, and three rhythm instruments – but in 1940 he expanded it to twelve musicians or more, plus vocalists. He recorded several times for Bluebird and Victor during the period 1940–41; he also recorded four sound films in 1941 playing swing jazz. One of his signature songs, "I Am an American", was a popular tune at war bond rallies during World War II. He married dancer Noel Carter in 1941; they divorced in 1949.
Gordon dissolved his band in 1945 and later worked in artist and repertory in the music business, including for Les Paul, Mary Ford, and King Guion. He also worked in public relations for hotels in Miami. He was living in New York City in 1976 when he died of cancer at St. Luke's Hospital. He is buried at Oakland Cemetery in his home town of Freeport.
Lecia Cornwall (born c. 1960 ) is a Canadian author of romantic fiction. Her works have primarily featured the Regency era.
Sir Edward Ronald Walker  (26 January 1907 – 28 November 1988) was an Australian diplomat and economist who served as Australia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations and Ambassador to Germany, Japan, and France.
The discography of the American rock musician Tom Waits spans five decades. It consists of 17 studio albums, 3 live albums, 7 compilation albums, 23 singles, 2 soundtracks, and 1 box set. Waits has also released one video album and 16 music videos.
Waits's debut release was the 1973 single "Ol' '55", which was the lead single for his debut album Closing Time (1973). He began recording in 1971, but these first sessions would not be released until the beginning of the 1990s. For most of the 1970s he recorded for Asylum Records. After cutting his first soundtrack album for the Francis Ford Coppola musical film One from the Heart, Waits signed with Island Records for the 1980s.
The release of Bone Machine in 1992 brought him a Grammy Award, after a less prolific decade. After Island Records, Waits moved to Anti/Epitaph for Mule Variations, an album that won him a second Grammy. Since the mid-1980s, he has collaborated with his wife Kathleen Brennan. His latest studio album, titled Bad as Me, was released in 2011.
As of 2011, according to Nielsen Soundscan,  Waits has sold 4.6 million albums in the United States.
The Château de la Verrerie is a château in Le Creusot, Saône-et-Loire, France.
The Underneath is a children's book by Kathi Appelt. It tells the story of an abandoned cat who goes to live with a maltreated hound dog underneath a crooked old house in a bayou on the border between Louisiana and Texas. Published in 2008, The Underneath is a John Newbery Honor book, ALA Notable Children's Book and a National Book Award Finalist.
The Jaffa Subdistrict was  one of the subdistricts of Mandatory Palestine. It was located around the city of Jaffa. After the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, the district was converted almost in entirely to the Tel Aviv District in Israel.
The Long Water is a recreational lake in Kensington Gardens, London, England, created in 1730 at the behest of Caroline of Ansbach. The Long Water refers to the long and narrow western half of the lake that is known as the Serpentine. Serpentine Bridge, which marks the boundary between Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens, also marks the Long Water's eastern boundary.
The Long Water and the Serpentine are generally considered to be part of one lake.


Count Adam Józef Potocki (24 February 1822, Łańcut – 15 June 1872, Krzeszowice) was a Polish politician from Galicia, who was a prominent advocate for the autonomy of that region. He owned numerous estates, steel mills in Silesia, and shares in the consortium building Galicia's railway lines.
Alan J. Placa (born 1944) is an American Catholic priest of the Diocese of Rockville Centre employed by Giuliani Partners, a management consulting and security consulting business founded by high school friend Rudy Giuliani, a former New York City Mayor.
Martin Tungevåg (born July 9, 1993), known professionally as Martin Tungevaag or simply  Tungevaag, is a Norwegian DJ and music producer who placed at number #89 on the DJ Mag top 100 DJs list. He has achieved success in Europe, Asia and South America with the electronic songs "Samsara 2015", "Wicked Wonderland", "All for Love", "Bad Boy", "Dance", "Peru" and "Play" together with K-391, Alan Walker and Mangoo. He has been nominated at the Norwegian Spellemannprisen twice times: for Hit of the Year in 2015 with "Samsara 2015"; in the same category in 2020 with "Dance"; and for Best EDM Artist in 2019 at the Swedish Grammis. Tungevaag's has over four billion worldwide streams on his music and received several gold and platinum certifications in several countries. It is currently ranked #81 on DJ Mag's Top 100.
This article provides a list of post-rock bands. The list is not exhaustive, but bands that are added to this list are considered to be notable in the genre.
Baucau Airport (Portuguese: Aeroporto de Baucau, Tetum: Aeroportu Baukau, IATA: BCH, ICAO: WPEC), formerly Cakung Airport, is an unattended and mostly unused airport near Baucau, East Timor. It is the largest airport in East Timor and has a much longer runway than Dili's Presidente Nicolau Lobato International Airport, long enough to handle large commercial airliners.: 22 
Periploca dipapha is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. It was described by Ronald W. Hodges in 1969. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona and Texas.
The wingspan is about 8.5 mm. The forewings and hindwings are shining yellow. Adults have been recorded on wing in July.
The I Tactical Air Division is an inactive United States Air Force unit.  It was last assigned to Second Air Force,  based at Biggs Field, Texas.  It was inactivated on 22 December 1945.
El Buen Pastor Airstrip is a public dirt airstrip located in San Quintín, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, near the Federal Highway 1. The airstrip is part of a medical clinic operated by the Mexican Medical Ministries, an interdenominational non-profit organization dedicated to providing low cost health care. The airstrip is used solely for general aviation  purposes. The EBP code is used as identifier.
This air strip is no longer in service.
Athletics at the 1971 Mediterranean Games were held in İzmir, Turkey.
The following Confederate States Army units and commanders fought in the Meridian campaign (3 February – 6 March 1864) during the American Civil War. Order of battle was compiled from the army organization during the campaign. The strength numbers listed in the tables are "present for duty".
Mind the Malhotras is an Indian sitcom based on Israeli comedy La Famiglia, which follows the lives of Malhotra family, a couple seek therapy to guarantee that they do not end up divorced like their friends.  It is available on Amazon Prime Video from 7 June 2019. It is directed by Sahil Sangha and Ajay Bhuyan starring Mini Mathur, Cyrus Sahukar, Denzil Smith, Sushmita Mukherjee and Anandita Pagnis. The series was renewed for a second season which becomes available on 12 August 2022.
Myoporum petiolatum, commonly known as sticky boobialla, is a plant in the figwort family Scrophulariaceae, and is endemic to the south-east of continental Australia. For many years this species has been confused with the much less common species Myoporum viscosum from which it can be distinguished by its thinner, noticeably petiolate and non-odorous leaves.
Ivan Yuryevich Moskvitin (Russian: Иван Юрьевич Москвитин) (? – after 1647) was a Russian explorer, presumably a native of Moscow, who led a Russian reconnaissance party to the Sea of Okhotsk, becoming the first Russian to reach the Pacific Ocean.
Moskvitin is first attested in 1626 as residing among the Cossacks in Tomsk. In 1636 or 1637 Dmitry Kopylov with 54 men including Moskvitin were sent east toward Yakutsk. He went down the Lena River and up the Aldan River and on 28 June 1638 founded the fort of Butalsk about 100 km above the mouth of the Maya River and about 250 km southeast of Yakutsk. From a local Shaman Kopylov learned of a south-flowing "River Shirkol" (Zeya River?) where sedentary people grew grain and had cattle and, according to some sources, a silver deposit. In May 1639 he sent Moskvitin with 20 Tomsk Cossacks and 19 Krasnoyarsk Cossacks and an Evenk guide eastward. They went down the Aldan River and up the Maya River and from the upper Maya crossed the Dzhugdzhur Mountains and went down the Ulya River and in August 1639 reached the Sea of Okhotsk.
At the river mouth, or 25 km above its mouth, they built winter quarters. On the first of October he and 20 men sailed east for three days and reached the Okhota River where the town of Okhotsk was later built. Then they either sailed 500 km further east to the Taui River, or they learned enough from the natives to make a map of the coast as far as the Taui River (sources differ).  That winter they built two large boats. There was some fighting with the local Lamuts and they captured a man to use as a guide and interpreter. The captive told him of a "River Mamur" at whose mouth lived the "sedentary Gilyaks". In late April or early May 1640 he sailed southwest as far as Uda Gulf at the southwest corner of the Sea of Okhotsk. There they learned of the Amur River, the Zeya River and the Amgun River and of the "sedentary Gilyaks" on the coasts and islands and the "bearded Daurs" who had big houses, cattle and horses, ate bread and lived like Russians. They also heard that the bearded Daurs had recently come in boats and killed many Gilyaks. They then headed east, sighted the Shantar Islands and entered the Sakhalin Gulf.  They may have seen the west coast of Sakhalin Island and seem to have reached some islands of the sedentary Gilyaks which may have been at the mouth of the Amur River. Because of the late season, they turned back and in November built winter quarters at the mouth of the Aldoma River which is 30 miles northeast of Ayan. By the middle of July 1641 they were back at Yakutsk.
Information he provided enabled Kurbat Ivanov to make the first map of the coast (March 1642). In 1645 he and Kopylov proposed to the Tomsk voyevod Shcherbatsky a large military expedition to the Amur. The proposal was not acted upon. He was sent to Moscow in 1646 and returned to Tomsk in 1647 with the rank of ataman. The remainder of his life is undocumented.
The 1971-built icebreaker Ivan Moskvitin was named after him.
Auoindaon was the native chief of the Wyandot (Huron) at Quieunonascaranas, a settlement in Wendake near modern-day Midland, Ontario, Canada. He made alliances with and became quite fond of French priests serving as missionaries in the area, one of the most notable being Gabriel Sagard. Upon first encountering Sagard, the Huron community at Quieunonascaranas all came out to greet him. Quieunonascaranas was a village settled by the Huron community and led by chief Auoindaon, in 1623 the settlement consisted of about 300 households and almost 40 lodges.
Gabriel Sagard was a French missionary who travelled through New France (Canada) and became the first religious historian in Canada. He spent much time with the Huron and wrote in detail about their customs and beliefs. It was during this missionary work that Sagard met Auoindaon, who was a Huron chief at the time. Sagard’s writings including The Long Journey to the Country of the Hurons is some of the most detailed and complete accounts of older Huron civilizations and lifestyles.
Auoindaon and Sagard bonded well together and Auoindaon welcomed Sagard as a visitor. From Sagard’s own writing he claims that Auoindaon offered to stay the night with him because Auoindaon feared that Sagard would be harmed by Iroquois who had stormed through the village not too long before.
Sagard accompanied Auoindaon on an annual fishing trip, which was an important part of Huron culture at the time. Documentation of the event describes that fish nets were put out at night and pulled in with catches in the morning. The people attending the event slept in wigwam type structures and set the nets out nearby. A fish- preacher was also present who would talk out to the fish while reciting hymns in the effort to lead the fish to the nets that were set out. Various other rituals were also performed such as throwing tobacco into the fire while reciting hymns and incantations. The fish that were caught during this trip were used for a multitude of things. Many of the fish were boiled for oil, while some others were gutted and hung up to dry. This annual fishing trip was a time of great merryment and celebration for all the members attending.
Carnelli is a parlor game of subsequent text continuation. It was created by Jan Carnell, a member of the Metropolitan Washington chapter of Mensa. This game has been popular at Mensa gatherings for years, and has turned up at science fiction conventions as well.  It can be called a "title association" game, like "word association" only using titles, such as those of a book, play, movie, or song.
It is played by a group of people who arrange themselves in a circle, with the nonplaying judge (or "Carnelli Master") standing in the center of the circle.  The Carnelli Master starts the game by pointing to one of the players and saying a title.  The pointed-to player must continue the game by saying a title himself, which must connect to the previous title in some way, such as having a word in common (The Time Machine and Time Enough for Love), having a common creator (an author as with Hamlet and Macbeth or producer or director), or other linkages of a similar nature — different groups of Carnelli players can vary in exactly what kinds of links are permissible.  A notable regional variation is that in some gatherings, such as Chicago Area Mensa, a common actor is usually not an acceptable linkage; a link must be by the creator of the work, setting this game apart from many other association games and making it more challenging.  A common rule is to allow pun linkages as long as they draw sufficient groans from the other people present — the link from Tequila Sunrise to To Kill a Mockingbird (pronounced "Tequila Mockingbird" for effect) is a popular one.  The links The Night of the Iguana to "Iguana Hold Your Hand" and The Trojan Women to Condominium have also been done.  A player followed "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" with "The Turn of the Screw," and it took several seconds of silence before other players voiced the groan that indicated that they'd realized that "Turn" is a homophone of "tern," a seabird.
Play proceeds around the circle, with each player naming a title that connects to the last one said.  If a player is unable to come up with any title within the allotted time (kept by the Carnelli Master; generally, the time limit reduces as the game proceeds) they are eliminated and must move outside the circle.  If a player names a nonexistent or incorrect title, a title that does not legitimately connect with the preceding one, or a title that has already been used in the current game, another player may challenge it, and such challenges are ruled upon by the Carnelli Master, whose judgments are said to be "arbitrary, capricious, and final".  If the challenge is upheld, the challenged player is eliminated, but if the challenge is rejected, the challenger is instead eliminated.  The winner is the last player remaining after all other players have been eliminated.
There is no strict one-to-one relationship between titles and works — What a Girl Wants is, unrelatedly, a Christina Aguilera song and an Amanda Bynes movie, while the first Harry Potter book is known both as Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  Since it is titles that aren't allowed to be repeated in the course of a game rather than works, players may only say "What a Girl Wants" once, but may use both Potter titles separately—unless, of course, the current Carnelli Master decides otherwise.
AdGear is an online advertising technology company and the first official advertising technology provider for the Government of Canada. The privately owned company was founded in 2008 by Yves Poiré, Vlad Stesin and Bosko Milekic in Montreal, Canada. It currently operates offices in Montreal under Samsung.
Herbert Meier (29 August 1928 – 21 September 2018) was a Swiss writer and translator.
Meier studied literature, history of art and philosophy at the universities of Basel, Vienna, Paris and Fribourg.
Since 1955, Meier has been a freelance writer in Zurich. He won the Conrad-Ferdinand-Meyer-Preis in 1964. The main component of his work has been translating classical and modern theatre plays from French into German (authors such as Paul Claudel and Georges Schehadé).
Top Gun Racing is an American auto racing team that competed in the IndyCar Series entering the #75 Dallara UAK18-Chevrolet Indy V6 on a part-time basis.
Marvin Burke, (March 15, 1918 – February 23, 1994) was a NASCAR driver from Pittsburg, California. He ran one Grand National Series race in his career, which he won. His starting position in the thirty-two car field in the 1951 race at Oakland is unknown. Burke drove to the front early and led 156 laps en route to his first career victory in his first career start, Burke never raced again in NASCAR. Burke was the fifth driver to win their NASCAR debut, and is the only driver to have won in their only NASCAR Cup Series race.
He attempted to qualify for the 1950 Indianapolis 500 but failed to make the grid.
The Turkey women's national under-19 football team (Turkish: Türkiye 19 Yaş Altı Kadın Millî Futbol Takımı) is the national under-19 football team of Turkey and is governed by the Turkish Football Federation.
Tuscarora Creek is a 7.7-mile-long (12.4 km) tributary of the Monocacy River in Frederick County, Maryland, in the United States.
The creek rises at the eastern base of Catoctin Mountain, about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) north-northwest of the city of Frederick, and flows southeast about to its mouth at the Monocacy. The creek's watershed area is 15.28 square miles (39.6 km2).
Aquetong is populated place in Solebury Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States, situated along U.S. Route 202, approximately 2.9 miles (4.7 km) west of New Hope.
Al-Hawash (Arabic: الحواش / ALA-LC: al-Ḥwāsh) is a Greek Orthodox Christians town in northwestern Syria, administratively belonging to the Homs Governorate. Nearby towns include al-Husn and Marmarita to the west, Shin to the east and Talkalakh to the southwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) Hawash had a population of 4,067 in 2004. Its inhabitants are predominantly Christians, much like most of the villages in the area. The village has two Greek Orthodox Church and a Greek Catholic Church.
Its location in the midst of a coniferous mountain makes it a popular and favored summer destination. Hawash is the largest village in Wadi al-Nasara ("Valley of Christians") region. It is an important historic site and used to be a popular tourist attraction before the outbreak of the Syrian civil war.
Muller is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:


Yannick Gagneur (born 15 March 1980 in Paris, France) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league club Nancy.
Shapi Leima (Shabi Leima) or Sapi Leima (Sabi Leima) is the goddess of rodents in Meitei mythology and religion. She is a sister of goddesses Khunu Leima and Nganu Leima. Legend says that all three sisters married the same mortal man.
Trinity Catholic School is a mixed Catholic secondary school and sixth form located in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England.
Following an Ofsted inspection in 2009, the school was given a Grade 3 (satisfactory) rating for its overall performance. Another Ofsted inspection took place in June 2013, the school had improved and received a Grade 2 (Good). Its most recent Ofsted inspection took place in 2017 where the school received another Grade 2 (Good).
Until September 2005 when they were amalgamated, the school operated from two separate campuses: Dormer Hall on Myton Road in Warwick, and Bishop Bright Hall/Freeman Hall on Guy's Cliffe Avenue in Leamington Spa.
At the beginning of the 2012 term, Dr Jim Ferguson retired and Chris Gabbett was appointed in his place.
In February 2017, the school announced the potential temporary closure of the schools sixth form due to serious money budget issues. It was suggested The Sixth Form officially closed in September of the same year.
Following a four-week consultation, the Governing Body decided to recommend that the school sixth form remain open.  The school continues to operate a sixth form to this day.
Previously a voluntary aided school administered by Warwickshire County Council, in January 2021 Trinity Catholic School converted to academy status. The school is now sponsored by the Our Lady of the Magnificat Multi Academy Company.


Dağılgan is a village in the Emirdağ District, Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey. Its population is 85 (2021).
Participatory Guarantee Systems (PGS), as defined by IFOAM, are "locally focused quality assurance systems. They certify producers based on active participation of stakeholders and are built on a foundation of trust, social networks and knowledge exchange." They represent an alternative to third party certification, especially adapted to local markets and short supply chains. They can also complement third party certification with a private label that brings additional guarantees and transparency. PGS enable the direct participation of producers, consumers and other stakeholders in:

the choice and definition of the standards
the development and implementation of certification procedures
the certification decisions
Participatory Guarantee Systems are also referred to as "participatory certification".
The International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements (IFOAM) and the organic movement remain a leader in the concept of PGS at the international level. IFOAM is running a program to recognize PGS in the organic sector. PGS is a tool that can be adopted not only for organic agriculture but is useful in various sectors.
Riccardo Caraglia (born 22 January 1989) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie D club Verbania.
He made his professional debut in the 2008–09 season for Pizzighettone.
William Brown (1748 - January 11 1792) was a physician, and a member of the American Philosophical Society, elected in 1780.
Raised in Maryland, Brown returned to his place of birth, Scotland, to study medicine at the University of Edinburgh, earning his M.D. in 1770. Returning to Alexandria, Virginia, Brown quickly established himself by opening a medical practice and starting a family. His skill attracted the attention of William Shippen, Jr. who recruited him in 1775 to join the Second Virginia Regiment as a surgeon. He spent a few months at the Flying Camp field hospital before landing at the military hospital at Bethlehem.
In 1777 Congress elected Brown Surgeon General. He spent a dismal winter with General George Washington in Valley Forge. His services were well used for the remainder of the war and, in recognition, he replaced Benjamin Rush as Physician General in 1788. Brown relocated to a new general hospital at Lititz, in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania where he made a number of changes to improve the facilities and capacities at the hospital, including sanitation improvements and assessing the supply of affordable medications for future wartimes. His list of medications became his Pharmacopeia Simpliciorum et Effecaciorum in usum Nocosomii Militaris, and was the first of its kind printed in the United States. 
In 1779, he gave a series of lectures on anatomy for army surgeons in the region, as per the request of General George Washington. Brown resigned not long after that to resume his practice back in Virginia and died years later of unknown causes. He is buried at Pohick Episcopal Church in Lorton, Virginia.
Dingle Reservoir is an artificial, low alkalinity, shallow reservoir near the town of Egerton, Greater Manchester. It is a little under 400 metres from the border between Lancashire and Greater Manchester, on the Lancashire side.


Spirembolus cheronus is a species of sheet weaver found in the United States. It was described by Chamberlin & Ivie in 1949.
Brideless Groom is a 1947 short subject directed by Edward Bernds starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard). It is the 101st entry in the series released by Columbia Pictures starring the comedians, who released 190 shorts for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
The following entries cover events related to science or technology which occurred in the listed year.


Keihanshin (京阪神, "Kyoto–Osaka–Kobe") is a metropolitan region in the Kansai region of Japan encompassing the metropolitan areas of the cities of Kyoto in Kyoto Prefecture, Osaka in Osaka Prefecture and Kobe in Hyōgo Prefecture. The entire region has a population (as of 2015) of 19,302,746 over an area of 13,228 km2 (5,107 sq mi). It is the second-most-populated urban region in Japan (after the Greater Tokyo area), containing approximately 15% of Japan's population.
The GDP in Osaka–Kobe is $681 billion as measured by PPP as of 2015, making it one of the world's most productive regions, a match with Paris and London. MasterCard Worldwide reported that Osaka is the 19th ranking city of the world's leading global cities and has an instrumental role in driving the global economy. If Keihanshin were a country, it would be the 16th-largest economy in the world, with a GDP of nearly $953.9 billion in 2012.
Big FM is a German radio network that consists of three regional radio stations: bigFM Der Neue Beat in Baden-Württemberg, bigFM Hot Music Radio in Rhineland-Palatinate and bigFM Saarland in Saarland. The format is Rhythmic CHR, and the network specialises in pop, rock, dance, hip-hop and rap. Talk shows are also featured late at night that mainly focuses on young people's issues and stories, and broadcast weeknights from midnight – 2 am (Nightlounge) and Sunday from 10:45 pm - midnight (Night Talk).


Heather Langham (born 11 July 1989) is an Australian field hockey player.
Vitim Airport is a public use airport built in Vitim, Sakha (Yakutia) Republic, Russia during World War II for the Alaska-Siberian (ALSIB) air route used to ferry American Lend-Lease aircraft to the Eastern Front.
The Most Reverend Datuk Ng Moon Hing, P.J.N.
(simplified Chinese: 黄满兴; traditional Chinese: 黃滿興; pinyin: Huáng Mǎnxīng; Jyutping: Wong4 Mun5 Hing1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: N̂g Boán-heng; born 12 November 1955) is the Anglican Bishop of West Malaysia. Until February 2020 he also served as Archbishop of the Church of the Province of South East Asia.
Ng was born on 12 November 1955 in the city of Ipoh, Perak, Federation of Malaya. He studied for a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from Monash University, Australia, graduating in 1978. After graduating, he worked as a civil engineer, taking part in the construction of Lumut Naval Base and several bridges in Malaysia.
Ng began to train for Christian ministry, and, in 1985, he graduated Bachelor of Divinity from Seminari Teologi Malaysia (STM). He was ordained deacon in June of that year. Subsequently, he was ordained priest in February of the following year. He was awarded a further Master of Divinity degree from STM in 1989.
In 1991, Ng was instituted as the Vicar of St. Peter's Church, Ipoh. In 1996, he was collated as a canon of St. Mary's Cathedral, Kuala Lumpur, and in 2001, he was appointed Archdeacon of the Lower North Archdeaconry.
On 5 May 2007, Ng was consecrated bishop in his cathedral in Kuala Lumpur, becoming the 4th Bishop of West Malaysia, in succession to Bishop Tan Sri Datuk Dr. Lim Cheng Ean. His principal consecrator was the then Archbishop of South East Asia Dr. John Chew, the Bishop of Singapore. Dr. Rowan Williams, then Archbishop of Canterbury, was also numbered among his consecrators.
Ng served a term as chairman of the Christian Federation of Malaysia (CFM), from 2009 to 2012. In 2011, Ng was made Knight Commander of the Distinguished Order of Service for the State (Panglima Jasa Negara, PJN) by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, granting him the right to the Malaysian title 'Datuk'.
On 2 September 2015, Ng was elected to become 5th Archbishop of the Church of the Province of South East Asia by an Extraordinary General Meeting of the church's Synod meeting in Sandakan, Sabah, Malaysia. He began his four-year term of office on the 22 February 2016, succeeding Archbishop Bolly Lapok, and ended in February 2020. He will continue to serve as Bishop of West Malaysia until his retirement in November 2020.
Ng's memoir From Village to Village recounts his fifteen years of experience working with Anglican Village Ministries (AVM), which he founded in 1993.
Empuriabrava Aerodrome (ICAO: LEAP)  is a recreational aerodrome located in Empuriabrava (Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain), near Castelló d'Empúries at the north of the Costa Brava.
It's a private aerodrome from 1985, mainly serving parachuting by the organisation Skydive Empuriabrava.


Armous-et-Cau is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Marie Schönfeld (13 July 1898 – 19 September 1944) was an Austrian government worker ("Regierungsassistentin") who became an anti-Nazi resistance activist.   
She and her brother were members of a small but committed movement that favoured a Habsburg restoration.   
She was captured, sentenced, and beheaded at the Vienna district court.
Printer port is the parallel port of a computer, used by printers.
The term may also refer to:

Port 631, the network port used by remote printers.
Macintosh RS-422 printer port, also known as the LocalTalk port, a serial port on Apple Macintosh computers from 1985 until 1998 when it was replaced by USB ports, that was used both for direct connection of printers and to connect the computer to a localtalk network.
Taylor McNamara (born August 12, 1994) is a former American football tight end. He played college football at Oklahoma and USC.
Theodore E. "Ty" Disney (April 13, 1908 – November 10, 1962) was an American football player and coach. He played halfback at the University of Tennessee. He served as the head football coach at Tusculum College in Greeneville, Tennessee in 1937. He also served as the school's men's basketball coach during the 1937–38 season.
Ohannes Mühendisyan (also spelled Hovhannes and Müehendisoglu in Turkish and Müehendiszade in Ottoman Persian; 1810–1891) was an Armenian typographer and engraver working in Istanbul. He is notable for having pioneered the flattened ج ح خ forms (ـجـ ـحـ ـخـ) in type, as necessitated for printing the Arabic script with the technology available at the time.


Durant Hall is a historical building in Berkeley, California. It was originally dedicated in 1911 as the Boalt Memorial Hall of Law, and was named in the memory of Judge John H. Boalt (1837–1901) because his wife, Mrs. Elizabeth J. Boalt, gave $100,000 towards its construction. A group of California lawyers gave $50,000.    The four-story building was designed by architect John Galen Howard (1864-1931) in the Beaux-Arts style, like much of the core campus of the University of California, Berkeley.  
From 1911 to 1951, the building was the home of the UC Berkeley School of Jurisprudence, which later became the School of Law. By 1921, enrollment had reached 285, which was clearly too much for a building of that size and resulted in severe overcrowding.  The building's tiny size was one of the primary constraints on the growth of the law school at Berkeley for over three decades.: 171   
In 1951, the law school finally moved to a newly-constructed law building in the southeastern corner of campus, which was dedicated as the new Boalt Hall.  The old Boalt Hall was renamed Durant Hall in honor of the first president of the University of California Berkeley, Henry Durant (1802-1875), president from 1870 to 1872. 
Durant Hall was then home to UC Berkeley's East Asian Library from 1951 to 2007. That library also grew too big for Durant Hall, and like the law school, was suffering from severe overcrowding by the time it moved to the new C.V. Starr East Asian Library building in 2008. 
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 25, 1982. 
In 2010, after a renovation, Durant Hall reopened as the new home for the offices of the deans of the UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science.
Coreura phoenicides is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1884. It is found in Guatemala and Costa Rica.
Link control may refer to:

Data link layer, also known as data link control (DLC)
High-Level Data Link Control (HDLC)
Synchronous Data Link Control (SDLC)
Skinheads Against Racial Prejudice (SHARP) are anti-racist skinheads who oppose white power skinheads, neo-fascists and other political racists, particularly if they identify themselves as skinheads. SHARPs claim to reclaim the original multicultural identity of the original skinheads, hijacked by white power skinheads, who they sometimes deride as "boneheads".
SHARP professes no political ideology or affiliation beyond the common opposition to racism. The group stresses the importance of the black Jamaican influence in the original late-1960s skinhead movement, much akin to Trojan skinheads.
Ibrahim Bunu PhD (HON), FNIA, CON is one of Nigeria’s renowned and notable architects with an extensive portfolio; ranging from commercial buildings, residential and public administrative buildings. His work is easily notable across the capital city’s (Abuja) skyline; including the iconic NNPC Towers, The Nigerian Security Printing and Minting, and many other distinctive projects across the entire country. His company was also the Consultant Architect for Aluminium Smelter Company of Nigeria. He was member board of directors and the Chairman of Hallmark Bank PLC.
He was Minister of the Federal Capital territory (FCT), Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic, holding office from May 1999 until February 2001 in the cabinet of President Olusegun Obasanjo. He was replaced by Engineer Mohammed Abba Gana, also of Borno State, in a cabinet reshuffle in February 2001. He was also a serving Minister of State, Housing and Environment during the Shagari Administration. He is considered the founding father of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in his hometown and state, Borno.


St Olave's Church is a redundant Anglican parish church located in Lower Bridge Street, Chester, Cheshire, England.  The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Heavier Trip is an upcoming Finnish comedy film directed by Juuso Laatio and Jukka Vidgren. It is a sequel to the 2018 film Heavy Trip, marking the return of the film’s fictional Heavy Metal band Impaled Rektum.
Aruba is an island in the Caribbean that hosts many sports events to fuel its economy.
An increase in tourism revenue has led to an investment in athletic activities, notably recreational sports such as basketball, soccer, and more island-specific pastimes such as kite surfing and spearfishing. Aruba has a soccer team that competes internationally, and many athletes from Aruba have participated in professional leagues.
Stéphane Moulin (born 4 August 1967) is a French professional football manager and former player who was most recently the head coach of  Ligue 2 club Caen. As a player, he played as a midfielder.
Piletocera flexiguttalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Warren in 1896. It is found in India (Meghalaya).
Gynacantha bayadera, parakeet darner or small duskhawker, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae. It is found  from India to South China and northern New Guinea. This is a crepuscular species which probably breeds in forested swamps and marshy areas, or in forest pools.
Hussain Jawad Parweez (Arabic: حسين جواد برويز; born 10 December 1987) is a leading Bahraini human rights activist. He is the Chairman and founder of the European-Bahraini Organisation for Human Rights (EBOHR). He is also one of the founders of Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights and served as its Vice-president from 2004 to 2006. Hussain has long been an advocate for peaceful and democratic change in Bahrain and is an active supporter of the freedom of expression and human rights. He has been a member of the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights since 2002.
Hussain Jawad, like many of his fellow activists, was detained as a result of his work as a human rights defender and for having freely expressed his opinion. 
Hussain was arrested in a raid on his house on February 16, 2015. He stood trial on 17 March on charges of "collecting and receiving money from home and abroad in order to support and finance subversive groups". Hussain Jawad denied the charges and told the judge he was tortured when in custody of the Criminal Investigations Directorate (CID). On May 19, 2015, the 4th Lower Criminal Court ordered his release from prison with the guarantee of his place of residence. However, the cases against Mr. Jawad were not terminated (the court simply adjourned them) and Hussain still stands trial at a later date.
Disobedient may refer to:

The Disobedient (Serbian: Neposlušni), a 2014 Serbian drama film
Disobedient (album), by American metalcore band Stick to Your Guns
Disobedient, a live album by Chris Carter
WTJU is a variety-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Charlottesville, Virginia, serving Charlottesville and Albemarle County, Virginia.  WTJU is owned and operated by the University of Virginia.
The Trofeo Cidade de Vigo (English: The City of Vigo Trophy) was an annual pre-season football tournament, established in 1971 and hosted by the Vigo City Council. Celta Vigo is the most successful team with 21 titles.
Andreas Gielchen (27 October 1964 – 3 February 2023) was a German professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder.
Lufeng, alternately romanized as Lukfung in Cantonese, is a county-level city in the southeast of Guangdong province, administered as a part of the prefecture-level city of Shanwei. It lies on the mainland on coast of the South China Sea east of Hong Kong.
The women's 69 kilograms weightlifting event was the fifth women's event at the weightlifting competition, with competitors limited to a maximum of 69 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 13, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 12:30, and Group A, at 15:30. This event was the eighth Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
The 2007 Nigerian Senate election in Kaduna State was held on April 21, 2007, to elect members of the Nigerian Senate to represent Kaduna State. Mohammed Kabir Jibril representing Kaduna Central, Caleb Zagi representing Kaduna South and Ahmed Makarfi representing Kaduna North all won on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party.
Per Hurum (2 June 1910 – 5 December 1989) was a Norwegian sculptor.


Dark Ages or Dark Age may refer to:
Tony Paynter (born August 23, 1970) is an American politician who has served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from the 25th district since 2016.
Eugene Wimberly "Gene" Myers, Jr. (born December 31, 1953) is an American computer scientist and bioinformatician, who is best known for contributing to the early development of the NCBI's BLAST tool for sequence analysis.
Abisin Abbas (Indonesian: [aˈbisɪn aˈbas]; 26 February 1902 – 20 October 1961), better known by his pseudonym Andjar Asmara ([anˈdʒar asˈmara]), was a dramatist and filmmaker active in the cinema of the Dutch East Indies. Born in Alahan Panjang, West Sumatra, he first worked as a reporter in Batavia (modern-day Jakarta). He became a writer for the Padangsche Opera in Padang, where he developed a new, dialogue-centric style, which later spread throughout the region. After returning to Batavia in 1929, he spent over a year as a theatre and film critic. In 1930 he joined the Dardanella touring troupe as a writer. He went to India in an unsuccessful bid to film his stage play Dr Samsi.
After leaving Dardanella in 1936, Andjar established his own troupe. He also worked at a publishers, writing serials based on successful films. In 1940 he was asked to join The Teng Chun's company, Java Industrial Film, helping with marketing and working as a director for two productions. After the Japanese occupation, during which time he stayed in theatre, Andjar made a brief return to cinema. He directed three films in the late 1940s and wrote four screenplays, which were produced as films in the early 1950s. He published a novel, Noesa Penida (1950). Afterward he worked for the remainder of his life writing serials based on local films and publishing film criticism. Historians recognise him as a pioneer of theatre and one of the first native Indonesian film directors, although he had little creative control of his productions.
Elina Alexandra Narváez Mendieta is an Ecuadorian politician who joined the National Assembly to take over the seat of César Rohon after he resigned.
Gundappa Korwar is an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament, representing Karnataka in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of India's Parliament as a member of the Indian National Congress.
Phorinia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
Swoboda [sfɔˈbɔda] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Niemce and 13 km (8 mi) north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The blue-winged mountain tanager (Anisognathus somptuosus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, the tanagers. It is found in highland forest and woodland in the Andes of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela, as well as a disjunct population in the Venezuelan Coastal Range. It is a common species and its populations appear to be stable. It is generally bright yellow and black with blue to the wings and tail; some populations have a moss-green back. In Bolivia and southernmost Peru, the rump is blue and the voice is very different; this population is sometimes recognized as a separate species, the Bolivian mountain tanager (A. flavinucha).
Sir Thomas Long of Draycot (c. 1451–1508) was an English landowner and knight. He is known to have served as one of the Members of Parliament for the borough of Westbury in 1491 and was twice High Sheriff of Wiltshire.
India Kids Fashion Week  (IKFw) is an event held quarterly at Delhi, Gurgaon, Mumbai and Bangalore by IKFW Organization. The organization is involved in putting the kids on the ramp, showcasing designers' outfits. It brings together the best designers both national and international, and kids' talent together on the same platform. The age group for participation is 4 to 14 years (both boys and girls). Taking the fashion runway magic to major cities in India with Kids' Fashion Shows. Renowned fashion show director Lokesh Sharma was one of the grooming experts for their initial editions.
Hypocaccus is a genus of clown beetles in the family Histeridae. There are more than 120 described species in Hypocaccus.
Ashley Feinberg is an American journalist, covering politics, media, and technology. She is known for her internet sleuthing, through which she has uncovered information about the online activity of public figures.
Somos (English: We Are) is a democratic socialist and feminist political party in Argentina. It was founded by Victoria Donda in October 2018.
It is a member of the Unión por la Patria coalition, formerly Frente de Todos, which supported former president Alberto Fernández, as well as Sergio Massa's unsuccessful presidential campaign to succeed Fernández.
Walter Lee Sweatt (born August 13, 1985) is an American former professional ice hockey player. Sweatt played four years of professional hockey in Europe and North America. Sweatt played three games in the National Hockey League (NHL) in 2011, before retiring to work in the financial industry. His younger brother, Bill, was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
After a one-year stint with the Junior A Chicago Steel of the United States Hockey League (USHL), Sweatt played four seasons in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA) with the Colorado College Tigers. During his senior year with Colorado, he served as team captain and received All-WCHA Third Team honors. Graduating with a degree in mathematical economics, he was named the WCHA Student-Athlete of the Year in 2007.
Undrafted by an NHL team, Sweatt played in Europe for four seasons with TPS of the Finnish SM-liiga, Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League and EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League. After winning the Pekka Rautakallio trophy as the SM-liiga's best defenseman and the Kanada-malja as league champions with TPS in 2010, he returned to North America, signing with the Vancouver Canucks. He played the subsequent season with the Canucks' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Manitoba Moose, while also debuting in the NHL with the Canucks. In July 2011, he signed with the Senators.
Sweatt has also played inline hockey at the international level, competing for the United States' national team at seven consecutive IIHF InLine Hockey World Championships from 2002 to 2009. At the 2008 tournament, he earned the Best Defenseman award. He has also played for the United States national select team on two occasions, once in 2007 and another at the 2009 Deutschland Cup.

Crataegus × lavalleei, sometimes known as hybrid cockspurthorn or Lavallée's hawthorn, is a hybrid that arose between cultivated specimens of two species in the genus Crataegus (Hawthorn). It is an ornamental small tree with glossy dark green unlobed leaves that is used horticulturally. 
The female parent was C. mexicana (sometimes mistakenly called C. pubescens), and the male parent is thought to be C. calpodendron  (which is sometimes mistakenly called C. crus-galli).
Carrière's hawthorn, C. × carrierei has the same parentage, and is therefore a synonym, i.e. the same species. There are minor differences between Lavallée's hawthorn and Carrière's hawthorn, and the latter is considered a separate cultivar, which is formally written as Crataegus 'Carrierei'. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit. The leaves turn red before falling very late in the season. This cultivar is also characterised by almost thornless stems, and abundant orange berries which last long on the tree.
Sondra Crosby is an American medical doctor and Professor of Medicine at Boston University, specializing in internal medicine. She is also a faculty member of the Health Law, Bioethics and Human Rights department at the Boston University School of Public Health.
Crosby is notable for being one of the first doctors allowed to travel to Guantanamo to independently examine Guantanamo captives.
Crosby is notable for serving as the director of medical care at the Boston Center for Refugee Health and Human Rights.
She examined over 300 torture victims at the Center.
Crosby is one of the authors of Broken Laws, Broken Lives: Medical Evidence of Torture by the US, published by Physicians for Human Rights.
According to Physicians for Human Rights Crosby has "written over 200 affidavits documenting medical and psychological sequelae of torture."
In October 2009 Crosby submitted an affidavit following her examination of Guantanamo's longest term hunger striker, Abdul Rahman Shalabi.
She stated that if he didn't receive more calories he would die.
Crosby was one of the first doctors outside the DoD who was allowed to examine Guantanamo captives.
In October 2012 Crosby wrote a letter about Tariq al-Sawah's medical condition to camp authorities.
Crosby had examined al-Sawah on two occasions and described him as morbidly obese, and laid out a treatment plan.  His lawyer, Lieutenant Colonel Sean Gleason,  said in March 2013 that camp authorities had declined to  treat al-Sawah, and wouldn't even release his medical records.
In January 2018, Crosby traveled to the Ecuadorian embassy in London to examine Julian Assange. Assange's lawyers sent Crosby's medical assessment of Assange to Nils Melzer, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, who was critical of the treatment of Assange by the media and governments of the UK, Sweden and the US.
Erik Napoleon Söderlund (11 April 1925 – 27 July 2009) was a Swedish race walker. He participated in the 50 km event at the 1960 Summer Olympics, but did not finish. He placed fifth over 20 km at the 1961 IAAF World Race Walking Cup, where his twin brother Åke secured a bronze medal in the 50 km walk.
Qaleh Now-e Kalateh Menar (Persian: قلعه نوكلاته منار, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Kalāteh Menār; also known as Qal‘eh Now-e Khārzār and Qal‘eh Now) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 26 families.
The Hamilton Derby was a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race first run on June 4, 1907, at the Hamilton Jockey Club Racetrack in Hamilton, Ontario. Open to three-year-old horses of either sex, it was contested over a distance of one and one-quarter miles on dirt.
Kahkuh (Persian: كهكوه, also Romanized as Kahkūh) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 373, in 83 families.
Minbaşı (also, Min-Bashi and Minbashy) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 626.
"One Touch" is a song by English musicians Jess Glynne and Jax Jones. The collaboration was released as a standalone single on 24 May 2019 through Atlantic Records. The song was added to Jones' debut EP Snacks, appearing on later editions, and was also included as a bonus track on Glynne's second studio album Always In Between (2018) on streaming services. The song was later certified Platinum by the BPI in the United Kingdom in September 2024 for selling 600,000 units in the country.
Timothy Edward Howard (January 27, 1837 – July 9, 1916) was the 43rd Justice of the Indiana Supreme Court, professor at the University of Notre Dame, writer, and Civil War veteran. He served in the Indiana Senate from 1886 to 1892.
Charles James Faulkner (1847–1929) was a U.S. Senator from West Virginia from 1887 to 1899. Senator Faulkner may also refer to:

Asa Faulkner (1802–1886), Tennessee State Senate
Charles J. Faulkner (1806–1884), Virginia State Senate
James H. Faulkner (1916–2008), Alabama State Senate
James Faulkner (Livingston County, New York) (1790–1884), New York State Senate
.art may refer to:

The ART image file format, extension .art
.art (top-level domain)
Aleksander Paluszek (born 9 April 2001) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Ekstraklasa side Śląsk Wrocław.
The Farmer's Bank of Mackville, on Kentucky Route 152 in Mackville, Kentucky, was built in 1923.  It was later known as Springfield State Bank.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It was deemed notable as a "Well-preserved example of major commercial structure in Mackville reflecting importance of local commercial institutions in rural Washington County at the turn of the [20th] century."
Ian Clark is an English film director and screenwriter.
Fanshawe (less commonly Fanshaw) can refer to:
Aeotec Group GmbH is a home automation and electronics multinational company based in Hamburg, Germany, and is known as Aeotec. It used to be known as Aeon Labs and was headquartered in Silicon Valley, California. It was founded in 2011.
Its range of products utilizes the Zigbee and Z-Wave communications protocol, the latter being a technology to which Aeotec owns the European rights. The group acquired German electronics maker Popp & Co., founded in 1930, and also Z-Wave Europe, a major distributor of IOT and Smart Home products. The acquisitions moved both its headquarters and research-and-development operations to Germany.
Aeotec has partnerships with multiple solutions providers including Alarm.com, ADT, AT&T, Huawei, for whom Aeotec is a core connected home accessory provider, Orange S.A., and Telefónica.
Kaleem Siddiqui (born 23 September 1957) is an Indian Islamic scholar, preacher, educationist and a member of Tablighi Jamaat. He was detained by ATS of Up police with accusations of mass conversion which nationalist Hindu considered a threat to their religion, he had been providing both financial and legal assistance to those who faced difficulty to adopt Islam as their consent religion. He is a disciple of Muhammad Zakariyya al-Kandhlawi and Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi. Aapki Amanat Aapki Sewa Mein is one of his popular book.
The minute clingfish (Liobranchia stria) is a tiny species of clingfish native to reef environments around the island of Guam, the Marshall Islands and the Northern Marianas Islands.  This species is the only known member of its genus. This species was described in 1955 by John C. Briggs from a type collected off Saipan.
The canton of Balleroy is a former canton of the Calvados département in northwestern France. It had 10,905 inhabitants (2012). It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its chief town was Balleroy. 
The canton comprised 22 communes:
The Kangso Three Tombs (Korean: 강서세무덤) are mausoleums located in Kangso-guyok, North Korea. They are part of the Complex of Koguryo Tombs, a UNESCO World Heritage site, a National Treasure of North Korea #28. The large tomb is 50 metres long and 8.7 metres high, the middle tomb is 45 metres long and 7.8 metres high and the small one is 40 metres long and 6.75 metres high. Frescoes inside the tombs depict four tutelary deities. The large tomb holds depictions of a blue dragon and a black serpent-tortoise, while a white tiger and a red phoenix are depicted in the middle tomb. The frescoes are particularly colourful and show Koguryo aristocratic life in detail, including dancing, wrestling and hunting. The Kangso Three Tombs were unearthed in 1911 by Japanese archaeologist Imanishi Ryū and were extensively studied.


Carex praeceptorum (orth.var. C. praeceptorium) is a species of sedge known by the common names early sedge and teacher's sedge.
Davide Cattaneo (born 23 June 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays for Swiss 1. Liga Classic side AC Taverne.
He spent his first fourteen professional career years in Italy's Lega Pro (Italian 3rd and 4th highest level), however in January 2015 Cattaneo joined Swiss 1. Liga Classic side AC Taverne.
Les trois souhaits, ou Les vicissitudes de la vie, H. 175, The three wishes, or life's tribulations, Czech Tři přání, is a film opera by Bohuslav Martinů to a libretto by Georges Ribemont-Dessaignes. Composed mainly in Paris between autumn 1928 and May 1929, it was not premiered until  June 1971 at the State Theatre, Brno. Grove describes the work as "one of the composer's most experimental works, blending film with stage action", and as "a mature drama" it is "comparable in theatrical impact to many of Martinů's later operas."
HCC may refer to:
John Mark Tillmann (February 24, 1961 – December 23, 2018) was a Canadian art thief and white supremacist who, for over two decades, stole over 10,000 antiques and art objects from museums, galleries, archives, and antique shops mainly in Atlantic Canada.
Tillman had an extensive criminal record for obscene telephone calls, shoplifting, threats, and assaults, but his antique thefts eluded authorities for years. He was eventually arrested with stolen property in January 2013, leading to a theft investigation by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) with assistance from Interpol, the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary, the United States Department of Homeland Security, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
Authorities seized over 3,000 artifacts from Tillmann's home in the first week of the investigation. Police closed the file nearly three years later; returning over 10,000 exhibits to their respective owners, including a 250-year-old George Washington spy letter valued at about a million dollars. A few weeks following the sensational bust, police ran out of room within their storage facilities to house the enormous amount of artifacts that were being recovered. A secret, climate-controlled warehouse was then rented by authorities to store Tillmann's looted artwork for the next three years. One of several private historical experts brought in by police to assist in the investigation remarked to the Toronto Star newspaper: ″It was incredible...to lay it all out would have taken an airplane hangar. It's an unbelievable collection of materials.″

The eclectic collection included a film prop suit of armor, a 7000-year-old Native American stone gouge, oil paintings and watercolors, tapestries, rare books, sculptures, rare documents, and a trove of other miscellaneous items. Tillmann was sentenced to nine years in prison by a Canadian court on September 25, 2013. The court seized over two million dollars of his assets under the proceeds of crime legislation. Tillmann was released on parole in November 2015, after serving just over two years of his sentence. After his death in 2018, at least two people — one a former RCMP constable and the other Tillmann's ex-girlfriend — came forward with stories about Tillmann's alleged extensive history of violence and harassment towards acquaintances, partners, and family members.
Ann Rae Rule (née Stackhouse; October 22, 1931 – July 26, 2015) was an American author of true crime books and articles. She is best known for The Stranger Beside Me (1980), about the serial killer Ted Bundy, with whom Rule worked and whom she considered a friend, but was later revealed to be a murderer. Rule wrote over 30 true crime books, including Small Sacrifices, about Oregon child murderer Diane Downs. Many of Rule's books center on murder cases that occurred in the Pacific Northwest and her adopted home state of Washington.
FX Photo Studio is a digital photography application for macOS. It requires Mac OS X 10.6 or later.
A Man in Full is the second novel by Tom Wolfe, published on November 12, 1998, by Farrar, Straus & Giroux. It is set primarily in Atlanta, with a significant portion of the story also taking place in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Isac von Krusenstierna (born 14 January 1998) is a Swedish orienteering competitor who represents the club OK Kåre.
Coleophora opulens is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in Mongolia.
The National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum  (NHHM) commonly known as National Crafts Museum in New Delhi is one of the largest crafts museums in India. It is run by the Ministry of Textiles, Government of India. The museum is situated on the corner of the Pragati Maidan, facing the Purana Quila complex. In 2015, the Government of India announced that a Hastkala (handicrafts) Academy would be established in the museum premises, converting some galleries into classrooms. Initial renovations destroyed one of the museum's most well-known artifacts, a room of murals painted by Madhubani artist Ganga Devi, leading to widespread criticism. As of 2019, renovations are still ongoing.
Pilviškiai  (Polish: Pilwiszki, Yiddish: פילווישאָק Pilveshok) is a town in Vilkaviškis district municipality and in Marijampolė County
The Grinder  is an American legal sitcom television series created by Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel. The show was picked up to series by Fox on May 8, 2015, and premiered on September 29, 2015. On October 15, 2015, Fox ordered six additional scripts for the first season, potentially increasing the season order to 19 episodes. On October 27, 2015, Fox ordered a full season of 22 episodes for the first season.
Despite being acclaimed by critics and viewers, the show never achieved high ratings. On May 16, 2016, Fox canceled the series after one season.
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1964–65 season was contested by 16 teams. Feijenoord won the championship.
Gladys Hynes (1888 – 1958) was a British painter, sculptor and illustrator.
The daughter of Harry Hynes and Eileen Power, both Irish Catholics, she was born in Indore, India and came to London with her family when she was three. Hynes studied with Frank Brangwyn at the London School of Art in Earl's Court. From 1906 to 1907, her family was living in Penzance, Cornwall and she studied with Stanhope and Elizabeth Forbes at their school in Newlyn. She settled in Hampstead in 1919.
Hynes contributed to the Omega Workshops. She portrayed her friend Ezra Pound in her painting Escalator; she also produced the illustrations for Pound's The Cantos. Hynes exhibited with the Royal Academy of Arts. The London Group, the International Society of Sculptors, Painters and Gravers, the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, the Paris Salon and the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool. Her work was included in a group exhibition at Hartnoll & Eyre in 1972; a painting from that show is held by the Royal Air Force Museum London.
Harold Knight portrayed her in his 1933 painting On the Balcony; he also painted a portrait which he showed at the Royal Academy in 1920. She was also painted by Cedric Morris.
Hynes was a strong supporter of Irish independence and also campaigned for women's rights.
Sriram Balaji and Vishnu Vardhan were the defending champions but only Balaji chose to defend his title, partnering Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan. Balaji lost in the final to Hsieh Cheng-peng and Christopher Rungkat.
Hsieh and Rungkat won the title after defeating Balaji and Nedunchezhiyan 6–4, 6–2 in the final.
Martyn Douglas Moxon (born 4 May 1960) is a former English cricketer, who played in ten Test matches and eight One Day Internationals for England and for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1980 and 1997. In May 2007, Moxon was confirmed as Director of Professional Cricket at Yorkshire, a role which he left in December 2021.
The 1912–13 season was Blackpool F.C.'s 16th season (13th consecutive) in the Football League. They competed in the twenty-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing bottom. Their application for re-election was successful.
George Wilson was the club's top scorer, with ten goals.
Rotherfield and Mark Cross (also Rotherfield) is the name of a closed station on the Eridge - Heathfield - Polegate railway (the Cuckoo Line) in East Sussex. The station was built by London, Brighton and South Coast Railway and closed with the line in 1965 (the "Beeching Axe").
The station building is still standing, and is in use as a private house.
Joe Lansdale may refer to:

Joe R. Lansdale (born 1951), American writer and martial arts instructor
Joe Lansdale (footballer) (1894–1977), English football goalkeeper
United Nations Security Council resolution 807, adopted unanimously on 19 February 1993, after reaffirming Resolution 743 (1992) and all subsequent relevant resolutions concerning the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR), the Council determined that the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia continued to constitute a threat to international peace and security and therefore extended the mandate of UNPROFOR for an interim period ending 31 March 1993.
The current resolution demanded that all parties and others concerned co-operate with UNPROFOR and adhere to commitments to the ceasefire, as well as asking parties not to position their forces close to UNPROFOR units or in the United Nations Protected Areas (UNPAs) and pink zones. It also demanded that all the parties respect the freedom of movement of the United Nations peacekeepers so it can carry out necessary operations.
The council concluded by urging the parties to co-operate with the Co-Chairmen of the Steering Committee of the International Conference on the Former Yugoslavia; invited the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali to ensure rapid implementation of Resolution 802 (1993), including proposals to increase the strength and a further extension of UNPROFOR's mandate.
Qui Nguyen (born 1977) is a Vietnamese-American poker player from Las Vegas, Nevada. He won the 2016 World Series of Poker Main Event, earning $8,005,310.
Nguyen was born in Vietnam before emigrating to the United States in 2001 at the age of 24. He initially settled in California and worked in a nail salon before moving to Las Vegas in 2007. Nguyen began playing poker in 2003, concentrating on small limit hold’em cash games. He turned to no limit games upon arriving to Las Vegas and recorded several cashes in small buy-in events. His only WSOP cash prior to the Main Event came in a $1,500 No Limit Hold’em event in 2009 for $9,029.
Nguyen won his seat in the 2016 Main Event through a $1,100 satellite. He played through the Main Event and reached the November Nine in second chip position. After a final table which lasted 364 hands, Nguyen defeated Gordon Vayo on the 181st hand of heads-up with his K♣ 10♣ against Vayo's J♠ 10♠ on a board of K♦ 9♣ 7♦ 2♠ 3♥.
As of 2017, Nguyen's total live tournament winnings exceed $8,050,000, most of which came from his main event victory.
Qui Nguyen's autobiography, From Vietnam to Vegas! How I won the World Series of Poker Main Event, was published in November 2017 by D&B Publishing. In the 450 page book, Nguyen dissects over 170 key hands from the final table, and tells his life story as well. Steve Blay is the co-author. Steve Blay is the founder of, and software engineer behind, AdvancedPokerTraining.com. Blay used his software to create bots simulating each of the November Nine's playing style. These simulations kept predicting a Qui Nguyen victory. When Nguyen heard of these results, he flew Blay out to Las Vegas to help him train for the final table. After his WSOP victory, D&B publishing reached out to Nguyen and Blay to share their story.
As of November 2017, Qui Nguyen lives in the Summerlin area of Las Vegas, Nevada, with his son Kyle.
Claudiu Varlam (born 31 May 1975 in Braşov, Romania) is a retired Romanian aerobic gymnast. He had a successful career winning five world championships medals (two gold, two silver and one bronze).   After retiring from aerobic gymnastics he became a coach of the Romanian national aerobic gymnastics team.
Bloodlust may refer to:

Homicidal ideation
Human hematophagy
Bloodlust!, a 1961 thriller film
Bloodlust, the home video title of the 1981 film Docteur Jekyll et les femmes
Bloodlust (1992 film), a 1992 Australian vampire film
Bloodlust: Subspecies III, a 1994 horror film
Bloodlust (Through the Eyes of the Dead album), 2005
Bloodlust (Body Count album), 2017
Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust, a 2000 Japanese animated film
"Bloodlust" (Supernatural), an episode of the television series Supernatural
This is a list of all airline codes. The table lists the IATA airline designators, the ICAO airline designators and the airline call signs (telephony designator). Historical assignments are also included for completeness.
Shadine van der Merwe (born 25 November 1992) is a South African netball player. She was a member of the South African squad that secured fifth place at the 2018 Commonwealth Games. van der Merwe was signed by the Surrey Storm in the UK Superleague in 2018, and was also selected in South Africa's national senior team for the 2018 Commonwealth Games and the 2019 Netball World Cup. In May 2019 she was signed by the Adelaide Thunderbirds in the Australian Super Netball league, having been selected by the team as a replacement player for the long-term injured Beth Cobden.
She is now signed to the Manchester Thunder for the 2022- 2023 season.
This is a list of Panasonic camcorders.
The 55th Guards Rifle Division was a Red Army military unit, engaged in the Second World War. Its full name was the 55th Guards Rifle Irkutsk-Pinsk Order of Lenin, Order of the October Revolution, three Red Banner, Order of Suvorov 2nd degree division named after the Supreme Soviet of the RSFSR.
Wilderswil is a village and a municipality in the Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Wilderswil belongs to the Small Agglomeration Interlaken with 23,300 inhabitants (2014).
Jyoti Sunita Kullu (born 9 September 1978 in Sundargarh, Odisha) is an Indian former field hockey player, who represented the India women's national field hockey team. She made her international debut for India in 1996 in Delhi at the Indira Gandhi Gold Cup. In 2002, she became the topscorer of the Champions Challenge tournament in Johannesburg, South Africa, with five goals in six matches. In the same year Kullu won the golden medal with India at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, England.
The Season for Romance is the fifth studio album, and first Christmas album,  from Lee Ann Womack, released in 2002. It was released two months after her fourth studio album, Something Worth Leaving Behind.
Choi Yeon-Ho (born May 4, 1981) is a South Korean taekwondo practitioner.
He is a four-time world finweight (-54 kg) champion, and won gold in flyweight (-58 kg) at the 2006 World Cup Taekwondo. However, he has not participated in any Olympics yet, since South Korea does not send an athlete in the -58 kg class.
David Bryan Allison (born April 14, 1959) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played three games with the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL) during the 1983–84 season and was head coach of the Ottawa Senators during the 1995–96 season. He was the head coach of the USHL's Des Moines Buccaneers from 2014 to 2018. In January 2022, he was hired as the head coach of the Fairbanks Ice Dogs in the North American Hockey League.


Notopeplum cossignanii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.
Darreh Zargeh (Persian: دره زرگه; also known as Dar Zargeh and Zargāh Darreh) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 10 families. The village is populated by Lurs.
Dapr (Distributed Application Runtime) is a free and open source runtime system designed to support cloud native and serverless computing. Its initial release supported SDKs and APIs for Java, .NET, Python, and Go, and targeted the Kubernetes cloud deployment system.   
The source code is written in the Go programming language. It is licensed under MIT License and hosted on GitHub.


Jean Rouaud (born 13 December 1952) is a French author, who was born in Campbon, Loire-Atlantique. In 1990 his novel Fields of Glory (French: Les Champs d'honneur) won the Prix Goncourt. First believed to be the first book in a trilogy, Fields of Glory turned out to be the first book in a series of five books on the family history of the author.
Streyella is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Ekıbastūz Airport (IATA: EKB, ICAO: UASB) is an airport in the Ekibastuz City Administration, Kazakhstan. It is located 16 km (9.9 mi) south-west of Ekıbastūz. It usually handles small airliners.
Lake Maysor lies a little to the north, close to the airport road.
Sinn refers to the German word Sinn (sense), frequently contrasted with Bedeutung (indication, reference) in discussions of meaning.
Sinn may also refer to:

Sinn (river), a river in Germany
Sinn, Hesse, a community in Germany
Sinn (watchmaker), a German watchmaker
Sinn (comics), a character from the Spawn comics
Sinn, a character on the animated television series Frisky Dingo
Nickname of the professional wrestler Nick Cvjetkovich
Sinn Sisamouth, a Khmer singer and songwriter in the 1950s to the 1970s
Kal Gah (Persian: كلگه) may refer to:

Kal Gah, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari
Kal Gah, Fars
Kal Gah, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad
Kal Gah, Lorestan
St John's College is a state-integrated Catholic boys' secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand, with a school roll of 952 as of August 2024. The school was established by the Marist Brothers in 1961 from Marist School (now Marian Catholic School). The school crest features the eagle of St. John the Apostle, with the motto "Caritas Christi Urget Nos" strewn across the bottom, a Latin motto translating loosely into "Christ's love urges us on". The mission statement for the school is "Preparing Young Men For Life".
This is a list of films produced and distributed by the U.S. film studio Walt Disney Studios, one of the Walt Disney Company's divisions and one of the "Big Five" major film studios. The list includes films produced or released by all existing and defunct labels or subsidiaries of the Walt Disney Studios; including Walt Disney Pictures, Walt Disney Animation Studios, Pixar Animation Studios, Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Studios, Searchlight Pictures, Disneynature, Touchstone Pictures, and Hollywood Pictures. The list does not include films produced by studios that are now owned by Disney (as part of acquisitions), but were historically not distributed by Disney during their original, initial time of release.
All films listed are theatrical releases by Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc. unless specified.
Mahmoud Ahmed Ibrahim Hassan (Arabic: مَحمُود أَحمَد إبرَاهِيْم حَسَن; born 1 October 1994), commonly known as Trézéguet, is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Qatar Stars League club Al-Rayyan, on loan from Trabzonspor and the Egypt national team. His nickname is taken from the French former footballer David Trezeguet, after his former youth coach noticed similarities of playing style and appearance between the pair.
He began his career with Al Ahly, breaking into the first team at the age of 18 and helping them win the 2012 CAF Champions League and 2013 CAF Champions League. In 2015, he joined Belgian team Anderlecht and the move was later made permanent. However, he struggled to establish himself in the first team and spent the following two seasons on loan, first with fellow Belgian side Mouscron and later Turkish side Kasımpaşa. With Kasımpaşa, he became the highest scoring Egyptian player in the Turkish top flight in a single season which prompted the club to make the transfer permanent in 2018.
Having represented Egypt at under-20 and under-23 level, Trézéguet made his full debut for the Egyptian senior side in 2014 at the age of 19 in a friendly against Kenya. He was named in Egypt's squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup, playing in all three group matches. To date, he has made over 70 appearances for his country's national team, scoring 18 goals.
Far Eastern Air Transport Flight 103 was a flight from Taiwan Taipei Songshan Airport to Kaohsiung International Airport that crashed on 22 August 1981, killing all 110 people on board. The Boeing 737-222 aircraft disintegrated in midair and crashed in the township of Sanyi, Miaoli. It is also called the Sanyi Air Disaster. The crash is the third-deadliest aviation accident on the Taiwanese soil, behind China Airlines Flight 676 and China Airlines Flight 611.
The prehistory and protohistory of Poland can be traced from the first appearance of Homo species on the territory of modern-day Poland, to the establishment of the Polish state in the 10th century AD, a span of roughly 500,000 years.
The area of present-day Poland went through the stages of socio-technical development known as the Stone, Bronze and Iron Ages after experiencing the climatic shifts of the glacial periods. The best known archeological discovery from the prehistoric period is the Lusatian-culture Biskupin fortified settlement. As ancient civilizations began to appear in southern and western Europe, the cultures of the area of present-day Poland were influenced by them to various degrees.
Among the peoples that inhabited various parts of Poland up to the Iron Age stage of development were Scythian, Celtic, Germanic, Sarmatian, Roman, Avar, Vlach and Baltic tribes. In the Early Middle Ages, the area came to be dominated by West Slavic tribes and finally became home to a number of Lechitic Polish tribes that formed small states in the region beginning in the 8th century.
Alkali basalt or alkali olivine basalt is a dark-colored, porphyritic volcanic rock usually found in oceanic and continental areas associated with volcanic activity, such as oceanic islands, continental rifts and volcanic fields. Alkali basalt is characterized by relatively high alkali (Na2O and K2O) content relative to other basalts and by the presence of olivine and titanium-rich augite in its groundmass and phenocrysts, and nepheline in its CIPW norm.
Euxoa hilaris is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Turkey, southern and eastern Russia, Bulgaria, Turkmenia, the Caucasus, Armenia, Lebanon, Iraq and Iran.
Solitaire is a novel written by Kelley Eskridge, published by EOS/HarperCollins in 2002 and 2004 and republished by Small Beer Press in 2011.
The novel served as the basis for the 2017 feature film OtherLife co-written by Eskridge, directed by Ben C. Lucas, and starring Jessica De Gouw.


Franz Koehn was a German art director. He worked designing sets for the German film industry, mainly during the Nazi era.
This is a list of international visits undertaken by Mike Pompeo (in office 2018–2021) while serving as the 70th United States secretary of state. The list includes both private travel and official state visits. The list includes only foreign travel which he made during his tenure in the position.


This is a list of schools in Futian District, Shenzhen.
The 1997 Scottish Challenge Cup final was an association football match between Falkirk and Queen of the South on 2 November 1997 at Fir Park in Motherwell. It was the eighth final of the Scottish Challenge Cup since it was first organised in 1990 to celebrate the centenary of the Scottish Football League.
The tournament was contested by clubs below the Scottish Premier Division; Falkirk from the First Division and Queen of the South from the Second Division. The match was Falkirk's first national cup final in only six months since contesting the final of the Scottish Cup the previous season in May. It was also the club's second appearance in the Scottish Challenge Cup Final since winning in 1993. The match was Queen of the South's first national cup final in its 78-year history. David Hagen scored the only goal, which was enough for Falkirk to win the match 1–0 and the tournament for the second time.
Michael Les Benedict is an American historian, who taught at Ohio State University from 1970 until his retirement in 2005. He received his B.A. and M.A. degrees from the University of Illinois and his PhD from Rice University. His expertise is principally in constitutional and legal history, civil rights and civil liberties, and the American Civil War and Reconstruction. Benedict brings a political science approach to his analysis of historical events. Benedict has contributed several works to the field of Civil War and Reconstruction studies including The Impeachment and Trial of Andrew Johnson (1973), A Compromise of Principle: Congressional Republicans and Reconstruction, 1863-1869 (1975), Fruits of Victory: Alternatives in Restoring the Union, 1865-1877 (1986), and, more recently, Preserving the Constitution: Essays on Politics and the Constitution in the Reconstruction Era (2006).
West Rigg Open Cutting  is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Wear Valley district of west County Durham, England. It is a disused ironstone quarry, located just over 1 km north of the village of Westgate, in Weardale.
At West Rigg, the Slitt Vein, a 20 km-long quartz intrusion in the Namurian Great Limestone, is exposed at the surface; the exposure is up to 5 m wide over a distance of some 200 m. During Late Permian times, extensive mineralisation occurred in the vicinity of the Slitt Vein: high salinity fluids, rich in iron, permeated the Great Limestone which, throughout its full thickness, was mineralised, producing siderite and ankerite minerals which were subsequently oxidised, yielding a limonitic ore with an iron content of over 40 per cent. At West Rigg, the iron mineralisation extends up to 60 m on each side of the vein.
The Slitt Vein is predominantly composed of quartz, with smaller amounts of fluorite and uneconomic amounts of galena lead ore. The earliest mining activity at the site was the extraction of fluorite and galena from the Slitt Vein itself: the miners worked from levels driven into the vein from the west. In the late 19th century, quarrying of the ironstone began, the Slitt Vein being left untouched so that today it protrudes as a vertical 'rib' along the centre of the quarry.
The Geological Conservation Review has identified the site as being of national importance because it provides an accessible illustration of the formation of iron ore by replacement and oxidation. The site also offers a rare surface view of the Slitt Vein.
Grim Tales is a British children's television program based on fairy tales by the Brothers Grimm, featuring Rik Mayall as a storyteller dressed in pyjamas and a dressing gown. The twenty-two episodes were broadcast on ITV (series 1) and Channel 4 (series 2) from 1989 to 1991. There was also a release on video and audio cassette, with the slightly different title Grimm Tales.
Charleston High School may refer to:

Charleston High School (Missouri)
Charleston High School (Mississippi)
Charleston High School (West Virginia), a high school in West Virginia's capital city that closed in 1989
Charleston High School (Illinois)
Charleston High School (Arkansas)
Charleston High School, a former high school in Charleston, Tennessee, replaced by Walker Valley High School.
Momoko Saitō (斎藤 桃子, Saitō Momoko, born June 30, 1982) is a Japanese voice actress from Takarazuka, Hyōgo. Her major voice roles include Solty Revant in SoltyRei, Perry in Amuri in Star Ocean, Melancholy in Phi Brain: Puzzle of God, Choko in Chocotto Sister, and Nazuna Takanashi in Working!!.
Ángel Trujillo Canorea (born 8 September 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central defender.
He spent the better part of his career with Almería, having arrived at the club in 2007.
Lemuel David Wyly, Jr. (August 9, 1916 - September 5, 2004) was an American physicist and professor of nuclear physics at the Georgia Institute of Technology. He worked on important nuclear physics experiments at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He did his graduate studies from UNC Chapel Hill and PhD from Yale University.  His work includes a number of notable research papers  on nuclear physics  and a book written with two co-authors. His famous students include Ed V. Hungerford III.
Wyly retired from Georgia Tech and lived in Atlanta till his death, leaving his wife Estelle Estelle Bruggemann Wyly and two children. Wyly died on September 5, 2004, at the age of 88. His wife died in 2009.
10 Cane was a premium Trinidadian light rum brand owned by LVMH. Moët Hennessy introduced 10 Cane in 2005. The product was discontinued in 2015. 10 Cane rum was named after the tradition of hand-harvesting and bundling sugarcane stalks in groups of ten.
Comedy Gold is a comedy reality TV show, created and produced by Darren Chau. The format documented the nationwide search for Australia's next hit TV comedy show. The program was filmed at the 2007 SPAA conference on the Gold Coast and premiered on Foxtel’s the Comedy Channel on Australia Day 2008. The contestants submitted ideas for a thirteen-part half-hour comedy series to a panel of judges, and the show offered up $25,000 to the winning TV show towards its development.
Finalists included Steve Kearney of Los Trios Ringbarkus fame. Jason Gann was the runner up with his project Jason and the residents, however the eventual winners were Rob Hibbert and Sean Condon with their project I can't believe it's not better.
Executive Produced by the Comedy Channel Programming Director Darren Chau and Produced by Rohan Timlock of Kenny, I can't believe it's not better premiered in December 2009.
The competition returned the following year and was hosted by H.G. Nelson. Adam Zwar was shortlisted as a finalist with Agony Uncles.
Hillsdale Historic and Archeological District is a historic district in Richmond, Rhode Island. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It represents the site of the former textile mill village of Hillsdale.
Hillsdale is located on the Beaver River, and was originally known as Moore's Mills. It was the site of a grist mill built around 1800, followed by a wool-carding mill established in 1828. Later the carding mill was converted to the manufacture of "Negro cloth." By the end of the 19th century, industrial activity in Hillsdale had ceased. As of 1977, the site contained a few old houses, the stone ruins of the textile mill, and a mill pond.


The Doberan Minster is the main Lutheran Church of Bad Doberan in Mecklenburg, Germany. Close to the Baltic Sea and the Hanseatic city of Rostock, it is the most important religious heritage of the European Route of Brick Gothic. It is the remaining part of Doberan Abbey, a former Cistercian monastery dedicated in 1368. The first abbey in Mecklenburg, founded in 1171, which was also used as the burial site for the regional rulers, became important both politically and historically. Through the activities of its inhabitants, the abbey greatly contributed to the cultural and economic development of Mecklenburg and became the centre of Christianity in this region.
No other Cistercian abbey in Europe can lay claim to such a large amount of the original interior remaining intact. Among the treasures are the main altar which is the oldest winged altar in art history, the monumental cross altar and the sculpted tomb of Danish Queen Margarete Sambiria. Even after the reformation and the dissolution of the abbey in 1552, the church continued to serve as the main burial place for the ruling Mecklenburg family as well as the place of worship for the Evangelical-Lutheran congregation.
The Minster in Bad Doberan is said to be the most important medieval building in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the best example of medieval creativity put into practice and it is a building of the highest technical and artistic perfection. The furnishings on display are of highest artistic quality. No other church in northern Germany has such complete and historically important liturgical furnishings. The abbey is a unique and precious artistic monument in the coastal region of the Baltic Sea.
Quinine is a medication used to treat malaria and babesiosis. This includes the treatment of malaria due to Plasmodium falciparum that is resistant to chloroquine when artesunate is not available. While sometimes used for nocturnal leg cramps, quinine is not recommended for this purpose due to the risk of serious side effects. It can be taken by mouth or intravenously. Malaria resistance to quinine occurs in certain areas of the world. Quinine is also used as an ingredient in tonic water and other beverages to impart a bitter taste.
Common side effects include headache, ringing in the ears, vision issues, and sweating. More severe side effects include deafness, low blood platelets, and an irregular heartbeat. Use can make one more prone to sunburn. While it is unclear if use during pregnancy carries potential for fetal harm, treating malaria during pregnancy with quinine when appropriate is still recommended. Quinine is an alkaloid, a naturally occurring chemical compound. How it works as a medicine is not entirely clear.
Quinine was first isolated in 1820 from the bark of a cinchona tree, which is native to Peru, and its molecular formula was determined by Adolph Strecker in 1854. The class of chemical compounds to which it belongs is thus called the cinchona alkaloids. Bark extracts had been used to treat malaria since at least 1632 and it was introduced to Spain as early as 1636 by Jesuit missionaries returning from the New World. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Treatment of malaria with quinine marks the first known use of a chemical compound to treat an infectious disease.


The Jupiter Stradivarius is a violin constructed in 1700 by luthier Antonio Stradivari of Cremona. It is one of only 700 extant Stradivari instruments in the world today.
The Jupiter was once owned and played by virtuoso violinist Giovanni Battista Viotti.
The Jupiter Strad is currently owned and played by Arnold Belnick.  He recently displayed and played it at a meeting of the Southern California Violin Makers Association.  It is an instrument used as a pattern for violin makers.  It has a fine grained front and retains much of its original varnish.  Mr. Darnton, instructor of the class, said the neck has been replaced 5 times and the radii of the neck are smaller than one might expect on a neck,  The join to the original scroll is almost indetectable.  The top of the scroll appears narrower than that of the Gibson Strad but the difference in measurement is probably negligible.  The back of the scroll is worn away from friction with the case during transportation, proving that this has been a working violin for more three centuries.
Sports in the United States are an important part of the nation's culture. Historically, the national sport has been baseball. However, in more recent decades, American football has been the most popular sport in terms of broadcast viewership audience. Basketball has grown into the mainstream American sports scene since the 1980s, with ice hockey and soccer doing the same around the turn of the 21st century. These sports comprise the "Big Five". 
In the first half of the 20th century, boxing and collegiate football were among the most popular sports after baseball. Golf, tennis, and collegiate basketball are other spectator sports with longstanding popularity. Tennis is currently considered to be the sixth most popular sport in the United States. Most recently, mixed martial arts has been breaking records in attendance and broadcast viewership for all combat sports.
Based on revenue, the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada are the National Football League (NFL), Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Basketball Association (NBA), the National Hockey League (NHL), and Major League Soccer (MLS). At $16 billion in revenue, the NFL is the largest league in the world.
The market for professional sports in the United States is about $69 billion, roughly 50% larger than that of all of Europe, the Middle East, and Africa combined. All these leagues enjoy wide-ranging domestic media coverage and, except for Major League Soccer, all are considered the preeminent leagues in their respective sports in the world. Although American football does not have a substantial following in other nations, the NFL does have the highest average attendance (67,254) of any professional sports league in the world. MLB has the second highest average attendance of any sports league in the U.S. (29,293) followed by MLS, the NBA, and the NHL. Of these five U.S.-based leagues, all but the NFL have at least one team in Canada.
Professional teams in all major sports in the United States operate as franchises within a league, meaning that a team may move to a different city if the team's owners believe there would be a financial benefit, but franchise moves are usually subject to some form of league-level approval. All major sports leagues use a similar type of regular-season schedule with a post-season playoff tournament.  In addition to the major league–level organizations, several sports also have professional minor leagues, active in smaller cities across the country. 
As in Canada and Australia, sports leagues in the United States do not practice promotion and relegation, unlike most sports leagues in Europe. Another notable distinction is that most sports fans in the United States tend to follow more than one team sport, depending on the time of year, unlike the case in many parts of the world where fans might avidly follow only one team sport such as soccer or baseball.  Thus, it is possible for a U.S. sports fan who follows multiple sports to spend practically every single day of the year watching professional sports, since there is no time of year when all the Big Five leagues would be off-season.
Sports are particularly associated with education in the United States, with most high schools and universities having organized sports, and this is a unique sporting footprint for the U.S. College sports competitions play an important role in the American sporting culture, and college basketball and college football are more popular than professional sports in some parts of the country. The major sanctioning body for college sports is the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). Colleges collectively receive billions of dollars from TV deals, sponsorships, and ticket sales. In 2019, the total revenue generated by NCAA athletic departments added up to $18.9 billion.
Based on Olympic Games, World Championships, and other major competitions in respective sports, the United States is the most successful nation in the world in baseball, basketball, athletics, swimming, lacrosse, beach volleyball, figure skating, tennis, golf, boxing, diving, shooting, rowing and snowboarding, and is all time one of the top five most successful nations in ice hockey, wrestling, gymnastics, volleyball, speed skating, alpine skiing, bobsleigh, equestrian, sailing, cycling, weightlifting and archery, among others. This makes the United States the most successful sports nation in the world. The United States has been referred to by some as the Hegemon of World Sports. The United States has placed first in the Summer Olympic medal table 19 times out of 30 Summer Olympics and 29 appearances. Unlike most other nations, the United States government does not provide funding for sports nor for the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee.
Rabah Ziad (Arabic: رابح زياد; born 12 December 1987) is an Algerian footballer who plays for AS Aïn M'lila in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Xenix is a discontinued version of the Unix operating system for various microcomputer platforms, licensed by Microsoft from AT&T Corporation in the late 1970s. The Santa Cruz Operation (SCO) later acquired exclusive rights to the software, and eventually replaced it with SCO UNIX (now known as Xinuos OpenServer).
In the mid-to-late 1980s, Xenix was the most common Unix variant, measured according to the number of machines on which it was installed.
Microsoft chairman Bill Gates said at Unix Expo in 1996 that, for a long time, Microsoft had the highest-volume AT&T Unix license.


The Flute Sonata in D, Op. 94, is a musical work composed by Sergei Prokofiev in 1943. It was initially composed for flute and piano, and was later transcribed for violin as Op. 94a, both versions have been recorded several times. The piece contains four movements.
FreeHAL was a volunteer computing project to build a self-learning chatbot. This project is no longer active.
Originally, the program was called JEliza referring to the chatbot ELIZA by Joseph Weizenbaum. The J stood for Java because JEliza has first been programmed in Java. In May 2008, the program has been renamed to FreeHAL because the programming language has changed. The name is related to the computer in the film 2001: A Space Odyssey.
FreeHAL uses a semantic network and technologies like pattern recognition, stemming, part of speech databases and Hidden Markov Models in order to imitate a human behaviour. FreeHAL learns autonomously. While communicating by keyboard, the program extends its database.  Currently, English and German are supported.
By using the BOINC platform, new semantic networks for the program are built. FreeHAL@home appears to have terminated operations.


Jean-Luc Schneider (born 18 September 1959) is the Chief Apostle of the New Apostolic Church. He succeeded Wilhelm Leber on 19 May 2013 to become the ninth Chief Apostle of the New Apostolic Church. Jean-Luc Schneider is the first Frenchman to lead the New Apostolic Church.
John Elian García Sossa (born 13 April 2000), also known as John “Wave” García, is a Bolivian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Oriente Petrolero and the Bolivia national football team.
The Deep Creek murders were the culmination of a minor sheep war in the borderlands of Idaho and Nevada in 1896. On or about February 4, 1896, two Mormon sheepherders were killed by an unknown assailant while they were camping along a creek in what was then part of Cassia County, Idaho.
The gunfighter Diamondfield Jack Davis and his associate Jack Gleason were arrested, but the latter was released and Diamondfield Jack was pardoned in 1902, after serving six years in jail. The deaths of the two sheepherders are the only confirmed killings attributed to the conflict. However, according to author J. Anthony Lukas, the incident was "one of the last great confrontations in the sheep and cattle wars."


The Euatel is a patrol vessel operated by Palau's Division of Marine Law Enforcement.  She was donated to Palau  by the Nippon Foundation and Sasakawa Peace Foundation.  She is the third vessel of her class to be donated to Palau.  She was delivered on April 25, 2017, and her sister ships, Kabekl M’tal and Bul in 2015 and 2012.
Her primary duty will be fishery protection.
The Ottawa Renegades were a Canadian Football League franchise based in Ottawa, Ontario founded in 2002, six years after the storied Ottawa Rough Riders folded. After four seasons, the Renegades franchise was suspended indefinitely by the league due to financial instability, and its players were absorbed by the other teams in a dispersal draft.
After two years in limbo, the Renegades franchise was awarded to Jeff Hunt, best known as the owner of the Ottawa 67's, in March 2008. The new franchise was revived in 2014 and rebranded as the Ottawa Redblacks. For historical purposes, the CFL classifies the Redblacks, Renegades and Rough Riders as one discontinuous franchise.
Virgin Ground is the second album by Redgum. The title is taken from the first track.
It was originally released on vinyl and cassette. It was available on CD between 1990 and 1992, and has been out of print ever since, although some tracks were included on the 2004 collection Against the Grain.
The band were all working day jobs during recording. They would fly from Adelaide to Melbourne on a Friday, play a gig to pay for the trip, and then record all weekend." This album led to the band becoming more popular and becoming full-time musicians.
The title track tells the story of the New Australia Colony established in Paraguay in 1893 by a group of Australians led by William Lane, seeking a fresh start on "virgin ground" to establish a utopian society. Other tracks offer bleak insight into current social issues including chronic unemployment, the plight of migrant women, foreign domination of Australian business and government, and the apathy of 'middle Australia'. "Women in Change" features the last 4 stanzas from Lesbia Harford's poem "Periodicity", commenting on a woman's menstrual cycle.
William Schweiker is an American theological ethicist. He is the  Edward L. Ryerson Distinguished Service Professor of Theological Ethics at the University of Chicago. His research focuses on globalization as an ethical problem, hermeneutic philosophy, theological humanism, the history of ethics, and comparative religious ethics.
Aiguo Dai (Chinese: 戴爱国) is a Chinese-American atmospheric scientist and professor in the Department of Atmospheric and Environmental Sciences at the University at Albany, SUNY. Before joining the University at Albany in 2012 as an associate professor, he worked at the National Center for Atmospheric Research, which he first joined in 1999 as a project scientist.
Camp Reynolds was a World War II Army Camp from 1942 to 1946. Its original name was Shenango Personnel Replacement Depot (commonly referred to as Camp Shenango). On September 21, 1943, it was renamed Camp Reynolds after PA Civil War hero Major General John Fulton Reynolds who was killed on July 1, the first day of the battle of Gettysburg. The camp was located in Pymatuning  & Delaware Township in Mercer County, Pennsylvania. 
In 1994, the Pennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission placed a historical marker there to note the historic importance of the location.
God Didn't Give Me a Week's Notice is a 15-minute documentary by Richard Dailey about Margaret Holloway, also known as "The Shakespeare Lady" of New Haven, Connecticut.
Richard Dailey attended Bennington College at the same time as Margaret Holloway.  He was three years behind her and their acquaintance was casual.  She was very talented and well known on campus.  When he found that she was homeless and performing for tips on Whitney Ave in New Haven, Connecticut, he asked if he could record her performances and she agreed.  He and Holloway worked two weeks to produce a 15-minute documentary.  He then spent the next six months editing the material from his home in Paris.
As reported in the Yale Daily News, December 7, 2001:

Set to jazzy music, the film features Holloway dramatically reciting several pieces from Euripides, Shakespeare and Chaucer. Dailey also recorded Margaret speaking about her life. Interspersed through the documentary are candid and telling stills of Holloway in various locations in New Haven.
Dailey made a handshake agreement with Holloway that any revenue produced by the film would be divided equally between the two of them.  The Yale Daily News reported that the Dec. 9 2001 benefit screening at York Square Cinemas on Broadway was an exception. All of the proceeds from that show would be donated to Holloway.  It is unknown how much money was raised.
In the documentary, lines from Holloway's 1980 thesis run sporadically across the bottom of the screen.
"Many artists have aspired to a theater of hunger," Holloway wrote.
"Many were imprisoned, driven insane, etc. These artists know that there is no separation between the quest toward a theater of hunger and a quest toward a way of life. We continue in this quest."
In Fijian mythology, Bulu (pronounced: Mbúlu) is a name for the 'world of spirits' (presumably the underworld). In the month called Vula-i-Ratumaibulu, the god Ratumaibulu comes from Bulu, the world of spirits, to make the breadfruit and other fruit trees blossom and yield fruit. Ratumaibulu is a god of great importance who presides over agriculture.
Another source refers to a "place called 'Nabagatai' on the road to 'Bulu', the separate state or land of souls".
The most westerly point of the island of Vanua Levu was the place from which the departed spirits started out for Bulu, the eternal abode of the blessed (Freese 2005:70).
Australian International Film Corporation was an Australian film production company set up in 1977. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Filmways Australia and one of the shareholders was producer Antony I. Ginnane.
Saint Mark's Coptic Orthodox Cathedral is a Coptic church in Alexandria, Egypt. It is the historical seat of the Pope of Alexandria, the head of the Coptic Orthodox Church.
Believed to stand on the site of a church founded in AD 42 by Mark the Evangelist, in AD 311 a chapel was recorded here, containing bodies said to be of Mark and his successors. Enlarged in the days of Pope Achillas, the church was ruined in 641 when the Arabs invaded Egypt, but was rebuilt in 680 by Pope John III of Alexandria.  In 828, most of the body of Saint Mark was stolen and removed to Venice, with only the head remaining in Alexandria.
The church was destroyed again in 1219, during the crusades, then rebuilt again. It was pulled down during the French invasion of Alexandria in 1798, then rebuilt and reopened in 1819 by Pope Peter VII of Alexandria and restored in the 1870s. 
Between 1950 and 1952, the church was again pulled down, apart from its two bell towers, and replaced by a larger  building of reinforced concrete, with six marble pillars retained as part of the new portico, and with the icon carrier reinstated. The two bell towers were reinforced with concrete and decorated with beautiful Coptic engravings.
Between 1985 and 1990, the church was doubled in size by being widened.
Burnikha (Russian: Бурниха) is a rural locality (a village) in Rezhskoye Rural Settlement, Syamzhensky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 48 as of 2002.
The Jingbirok (Korean: 징비록; Hanja: 懲毖錄; Korean pronunciation: [t͡ɕiŋbiɾok̚]; also called the Book of Corrections) is a first hand account of the Imjin War written by high ranking Joseon scholar-official Ryu Seong-ryong. It is written in hanja.
Party to high level decision making on the allied Ming-Joseon side and able to access all Joseon records, Ryu Seong-ryong's Jingbirok has become an invaluable source in the study of the conflict, and Chinese-Korean-Japanese relations. In 1969 the Jingbirok was listed as the 132nd of the National Treasures of South Korea.
Scott Flippo is a state senator in Arkansas. A Republican, in 2021 he is majority leader in the Arkansas Senate. He has been in the state senate since 2015. He was born in Mountain Home, Arkansas, and graduated from Mountain Home High School. He now lives in Bull Shoals. He has a degree in Business Administration from the University of Arkansas and owns the Carefree Living assisted living center. He is a Methodist.
Georges Christian Peter Imbert (26 March 1884 – 6 February 1950) was a French chemical engineer and inventor. He became famous for the invention of the wood gas generator.
Solomon ben Abraham Abigdor (also rendered as Solomon ben Abraham Avigdor), born in Provence in 1384, was a Hebrew translator, physician, and mystic.
Assisted by his father, Abraham Bonet ben Meshullam, he, at the early age of fifteen years, translated Arnauld de Villeneuve's work, "De Judiciis Astronomiæ," from Latin into Hebrew under the title "Panim ba-Mishpaṭ" (Methods of Judgment). This translation still exists in manuscript. In 1399 he also translated Sacrobosco's "Sphæra Mundi" (On the Astronomy of the Spheres), under the title "Mareh ha-Ofanim" (The Indicator of the Spheres). The last-mentioned work was printed in Abraham bar Ḥiyya's "Ẓurat ha-Areẓ" (Offenbach, 1720), with notes by Mattathiah Delacrut, Manoah Hendel, and others.
Toshio Hirano (平野 俊夫, Hirano Toshio, born April 17, 1947 in Osaka, Japan) is a Japanese immunologist and academic, best known for his discovery of interleukin-6. Since August 2011, he has served as the 17th President of Osaka University.
Altra is an island in Alstahaug Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. The 0.24-square-kilometre (59-acre) island lies between the large island of Alsta and the small island of Tenna (in Herøy Municipality).  The flat island is rather unusual in the area because it is about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) long and at most about 2 kilometres (6,600 ft) wide at the northern end.  Most of the island is very narrow, and in some places, it is only about 60 metres (200 ft) wide.   
There are a few small villages on the island: Austbø in the north, Korsvegen and Blomsøya in the middle, and Hestøya in the south.  The island has a regular ferry connection to the neighboring islands of Alsta and Sør-Herøy.  In 2016, there were 76 residents living on the island.


Fiasco is a role-playing game by Jason Morningstar, independently published by Bully Pulpit Games. It is marketed as a "GM-less game for 3–5 players, designed to be played in a few hours with six-sided dice and no preparation".  It is billed as "A game of powerful ambition and poor impulse control" and "inspired by cinematic tales of small time capers gone disastrously wrong—films like Blood Simple, Fargo, The Way of the Gun, Burn After Reading, and A Simple Plan." 
Fiasco was the winner of the eleventh Diana Jones Award and has been one of the featured games on Tabletop.


Egedal Municipality (Danish: Egedal Kommune) is a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region Hovedstaden in Denmark. It covers an area of 125.79 km2 (48.57 sq mi) with a total population of 45,532 (1. January 2024).
This is a list of all Danish ministers of defence.
The current office was established in 1905, merging the two previous positions of War Minister (for army matters) and Navy Minister.
Erik Henschel (born 4 October 1996) is a German footballer who plays as a right-back for SV Arminia Hannover.
The 2024 Khabarovsk Krai gubernatorial election took place on 6–8 September 2024, on common election day, coinciding with 2024 Khabarovsk Krai Legislative Duma election. Acting Governor Dmitry Demeshin was elected for a full term in office.
KPOW may refer to:

KPOW (AM), a radio station (1260 AM) licensed to Powell, Wyoming, United States
KPOW-FM, a radio station (97.7 FM) licensed to La Monte, Missouri, United States
Liberty Village is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.  It is bordered to the north by King Street West, to the west by Dufferin Street, to the south by the Gardiner Expressway, to the east by Strachan Avenue, and to the northeast by railway tracks.
15 Temmuz (15 July) is an underground station on the M9 line of the Istanbul Metro. It is located under Gülbahar Street in the 15 July neighbourhood of Bağcılar. It was opened on 18 March 2024, with the extension of M9 from Bahariye to Ataköy.


Dundee United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Dundee in Yates County, New York. It is a Gothic Revival style brick and frame structure built in 1899. The entrance features a paneled double door surmounted by a large, stained glass, Gothic arched transom light trimmed with splayed brick lintels. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Dovecot is an open-source IMAP and POP3 server for Unix-like operating systems, written primarily with security in mind. Timo Sirainen originated Dovecot and first released it in July 2002. Dovecot developers primarily aim to produce a lightweight, fast and easy-to-set-up open-source email server.
The primary purpose of Dovecot is to act as a mail storage server. The mail is delivered to the server using some mail delivery agent (MDA) and is stored for later access with an email client (mail user agent, or MUA). Dovecot can also act as mail proxy server, forwarding connection to another mail server, or act as a lightweight MUA in order to retrieve and manipulate mail on remote server for e.g. mail migration.
According to the Open Email Survey, as of 2020, Dovecot has an installed base of at least 2.9 million IMAP servers, and has a global market share of 76.9% of all IMAP servers. The results of the same survey in 2019 gave figures of 2.6 million and 76.2%, respectively.
This is a list junior colleges in the United States that field a football program. The two largest associations are the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) and California Community College Athletic Association (CCCAA).
In the NJCAA, of 512 member colleges, 53 sponsored a football program, as of November 2023. This reflects the elimination of football at seven Arizona community colleges in 2018; one in Minnesota and one in North Dakota in 2019;  and one in Kansas in 2021.
In California, of 114 community colleges in the state, 67 sponsored a football program under the auspices of the CCCAA, as of November 2021. This reflects the suspension of football at two CCCAA member institutions in 2020.
As shown below, the NJCAA is organized into five conferences (or leagues): Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference; Minnesota College Athletic Conference; Mississippi Association of Community & Junior Colleges; Northeast JC Football Conference; Southwest Junior College Football Conference; as well as Independents (no conference/league affiliation.)
The CCCAA divides its membership into two regions: Northern and Southern. Each region is divided into the National Conference and the American Conference. In Northern California, there are three conferences/leagues in the National and two in the American; in Southern California, there are three conferences/leagues in both the National and the American.
The Una Mestiza ("A Mestiza"), sometimes referred to as La Mestiza ("The Mestiza"), is an 1887 painting by Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna.  The masterpiece is also known as La mestiza en su tocador which translates into English as The Mestiza at Her Dressing Table or Mestiza Lady at Her Dresser. Una Mestiza is also alternately called Charing.  Coincidentally, this alternate title is the nickname of Luna's sister-in-law Rosario Melgar.  Luna donated Una Mestiza to the Biblioteca Museu Victor Balaguer (Victor Balaguer Library Museum) of Vilanova i la Geltrú in the province of Barcelona in Spain.  The Una Mestiza painting won an award at the Exposicion General de las Filipinas (Philippine General Exposition).
The Community of Sant'Egidio (Italian: Comunità di Sant'Egidio) is a lay Catholic association dedicated to social service, founded in 1968 under the leadership of Andrea Riccardi. The group grew and in 1973 was given a home at the former Carmelite monastery and church of Sant'Egidio in Rome, Italy. In 1986, it received recognition from the Roman Curia of the Holy See as an international association of the faithful. Its activities include the Church's evening prayer together daily as a stimulus for lending assistance to a whole spectrum of needy persons: "lonely and non-self-sufficient elderly, immigrants and homeless people, terminally ill and HIV/AIDS patients, children at risk of deviance and marginalization, nomads and the physically and mentally handicapped, drug addicts, victims of war, and prisoners." The community also has a high profile in the area of peace negotiations, in addressing the AIDS epidemic in Africa, and in its opposition to capital punishment. It takes an ecumenical approach in all of its work.
Sant'Egidio is a network of small communities of fraternal life, currently present in 73 countries distributed as follows: Europe (23), Africa (29), Asia (7), North America (8), South America (5). There are an estimated 50,000 members.
Ardakul (Persian: اردكول, also Romanized as Ardakūl, Ardekūl, and Ardakool; also known as Adkalā, Ardehkūl, and Qalat Atkhul) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 445, in 126 families.
Alain Bocquet (born 6 May 1946) is a French politician.
A member of the French Communist Party (PCF), he was a Deputy from the Nord department of France between 1978 and 2017 and president of the communist parliamentary group from 1993 to 2007. He served as part of the regional council of Nord-Pas-de-Calais from 1992 to 1998 and has been mayor of Saint-Amand-les-Eaux since 1995.
The Truckies is an Australian television drama which first screened on the ABC in 1978.
Edward Linnaeus Keithahn (May 15, 1900 – September 26, 1970) was an American museum curator and the author of a well known book on totem poles, Monuments in Cedar, published in 1945. According to WorldCat, the book is held in 725 libraries.
He became interested in totem poles at the Alaska–Yukon–Pacific Exposition in Seattle in 1909 and later traveled to southeast Alaska and eventually lived there. He lived and taught in native villages for about 15 years, and became  working "in the Indian service," as he put it (meaning perhaps employment with the Bureau of Indian Affairs), living mainly among the Tlingit and Haida people.
He was Curator and Librarian at the Alaska Historical Library and Museum from 1941.
Ei koskaan ("Never" in Finnish) is the fourth and last single from Ruoska's fifth album, Rabies.  It was released digitally on the band's official MySpace page in April 2008 and on EMI's website (along with the music video).
Yatsuka (八束村, Yatsuka-son) was a town located in Maniwa District, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2003, the village had an estimated population of 2,946 and a density of 48.15 persons per km2. The total area was 61.19 km2.
On March 31, 2005, Yatsuka, along with the town of Hokubō (from Jōbō District), and towns of Katsuyama, Kuse, Ochiai and Yubara, and the villages of Chūka, Kawakami and Mikamo (all from Maniwa District) were merged to create the city of Maniwa.
The National Association for the Self-Employed, based in Washington, D.C., is a trade association that provides day-to-day support for micro-businesses, including direct access to experts, benefits, and consolidated buying power that is traditionally only available to large corporations. The association is the largest nonprofit, nonpartisan association of its kind in the United States.
Muliro is an African surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Gloria Muliro (born 1980), Kenyan Gospel musician and songwriter
Masinde Muliro (1922–1992), Kenyan politician
"Wealth Won't Save Your Soul" is a song written and recorded by Hank Williams.  It was paired with "When God Comes and Gather His Jewels" for his second single release on Sterling Records in February 1947.
The McCollough effect is a phenomenon of human visual perception in which colorless gratings appear colored contingent on the orientation of the gratings. It is an aftereffect requiring a period of induction to produce it. For example, if someone alternately looks at a red horizontal grating and a green vertical grating for a few minutes, a black-and-white horizontal grating will then look greenish and a black-and-white vertical grating will then look pinkish. The effect is remarkable because, although it diminishes rapidly with repeated testing, it has been reported to last up to 2.8 months when exposure to testing is limited.
The effect was discovered by American psychologist Celeste McCollough in 1965.
The Milk Lake (Chinese: 牛奶湖; pinyin: Niúnǎi Hú) (also known as Milk pond) is a lake in Shilin District, Taipei, Taiwan. The lake is part of Yangmingshan National Park. The temperature of Milk lake is around 40 °C (104 °F). This lake was formed due to volcanic activities and the surrounding landscape.
The 1886 United States House of Representatives elections in Florida were held November 2, 1886 for the 50th Congress.
Maurice Ernest Stanley Roberts (5 July 1922 – April 1993) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Brentford as an outside left.
Eucalyptus suberea, commonly known as Mount Lesueur mallee or cork mallee, is a species of mallee or a small tree that is endemic to a small area on the west coast of Western Australia. It has rough bark on some or all of the trunk, smooth white bark above, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds in groups of eleven to twenty or more, white flowers and shortened spherical fruit.
Marina Ferragut Castillo (born 11 February 1972 in Barcelona) is a Spanish former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics, achieving a total of 253 caps for the national team. She played in the WNBA at the New York Liberty during the 2000 season. She played on 253 occasions with the Spanish National team. She retired in 2011.
Sharon Ryer Davis (born May 6, 1954) is an American author who served as first lady of California from 1999 to 2003. She is the wife of former California governor Gray Davis. She previously served as second lady of California from 1995 to 1999. Davis is also a former Miss Santee and the author of the children's book, The Adventures of Capitol Kitty.
Lightning Strikes may refer to:

Lightning strike, an electric discharge between the atmosphere and the ground
Kuruc.info is a far-right Hungarian language online portal registered in California, United States, affiliated with politician Előd Novák. The website often harbours extreme anti-semitic sentiments, including frequent Holocaust denial, and frequently publishes anti-Romani and homophobic content.
Bruscitti (Italian: [bruʃˈʃi.tti]; Lombard: brüscitt, Lombard: [bry'ʃit]; lit. 'crumbs') is an Italian single-course meal of the Lombard, Piedmontese and Ticinese cuisines based on finely chopped beef cooked for a long time. It is a typical winter dish, and is served with polenta, risotto alla milanese or purée. 
Bruscitti is originally from the comune (municipality) of Busto Arsizio, Lombardy, Italy. Bruscitti is widespread in northwestern Lombardy (Italy), northeastern Piedmont (Italy) and lower Ticino (Switzerland). The dish probably originated in the Middle Ages.
Jan van Coninxloo or van Coninxlo, also known as Jan II or Jan the Younger, was a painter born in Brussels, Belgium in 1489 (?), but nothing is known of the details of his career. His father, who bore the same Christian name, had another son, Pieter van Coninxloo, both of whom were painters. 
The name is found written in a variety of ways — Ccninxlo, Conninxlo, Connixlo, Cooninxloo, Conixloo — and sometimes with the additional name of Schemier. 
The Brussels Gallery contains five works by Jan van Coninxlo : a triptych of the 'Life of St. Anne,' which bears on its right wing (representing the death of that saint) the signature 'Jan van Conixlo 1546'; the 'Birth of St. Nicholas,' and the 'Death of St. Nicholas,' both of which were formerly in a church in Louvain; 'Christ among the Doctors,' and the 'Marriage at Cana.' These were formerly attributed to Gilles van Coninxlo.
Rachelina Ambrosini (2 July 1925 – 10 March 1941) was an Italian Catholic laywoman. Her childhood was marked with great devotion to the Blessed Mother and she was known for her intelligent and gentle disposition to those she came into contact with. But in the 1930s she had a dream in which she was told she would die before she turned sixteen. This came to pass after she died from severe meningitis in 1941.
The cause for her beatification opened in 1958 in Benevento and culminated in mid-2012 after Pope Benedict XVI confirmed her heroic virtue and named her as Venerable.


Ojha or oj-ha (Montenegrin: ојха) is a common Montenegrin emotional expression and interjection used in Montenegro. It is frequently used during celebrations such as weddings or traditional dancing. It is closely linked to Montenegrin culture and the ethnogenesis of Montenegrins, often used in songs about the country or its people as well as topics concerning Montenegrins, used to convey excitement or ironic mockery.
SMVT may refer to:

Sodium-dependent multivitamin transporter
Sir M. Visvesvaraya Terminal, railway station in Bangalore, India
Alexander Alexandrovich Zavyalov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Алекса́ндрович Завья́лов; born 2 June 1955) is a former Soviet/Russian cross-country skier who competed in the early 1980s, training at Armed Forces sports society. He won a bronze in the 50 km at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York, and two silvers at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo (30 km, 4 × 10 km relay). Zavyalov won the Cross-Country World Cup in the 1982–83 season.
Zavyalov also won two medals at the 1982 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a gold in the 4 × 10 km relay (tied with Oddvar Brå) and a silver in the 15 km.
Zavyalov graduated from Smolensk Institute of Physical Culture (1978). He was awarded Order of Lenin in 1983.


The Tir na n-Og Awards (abbreviated TnaO) are a set of annual children's literary awards in Wales from 1976. They are presented by the Books Council of Wales to the best books published during the preceding calendar year in each of three awards categories, one English-language and two Welsh-language. Their purpose is "[to raise] the standard of children's and young people's books and to encourage the buying and reading of good books." There is no restriction to fiction or prose. Each prize is £1,000.
The awards are named for Tír na nÓg, the "Land of the Young", an otherworldly realm in Irish mythology.
The English-language award honours one book with an "authentic Welsh background" whose original language is English. It is sponsored by the British Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals, Cymru Wales division (CILIP/Wales), and presented at that association's annual conference in May.
The Welsh-language Primary Sector and Secondary Sector awards honour one book written for primary school children and one for secondary school children.
They are presented at the annual Urdd National Eisteddfod, recently at the beginning of June or end of May.
Since 2011, the Welsh-language awards are co-sponsored by the Cardigan-based publisher Cymdeithas Lyfrau Ceredigion.
Shortlists comprising three or four books in each awards category have been published by BCW at least from 2011.
Eoophyla argentimaculalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1917. It is found on New Guinea.
Dahlov Ipcar (née Zorach; November 12, 1917 – February 10, 2017) was an American painter, illustrator and author. She was best known for her colorful, kaleidoscopic-styled paintings featuring animals – primarily in either farm or wild settings.
Xeromyces is a monotypic genus of fungus in the family Monascaceae. Its only species, Xeromyces bisporus, was first described by L.R. Fraser in 1954. No subspecies are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
It is a xerophile, being able to germinate at a water activity levels between 0.62 and 0.97, lower than any other known organism with the exception of Aspergillus penicillioides. However, it requires a higher water activity level to produce spores. It is a spoilage microbe in dry foods with high sugar contents, especially chocolate, honey, molasses, dried fruit or tobacco. Isolation of cultures requires media with 50% glucose.
The estimated genome size of X. bisporus is 24.8 Mb and the fungus lacks the genes normally associated with mycotoxin production.
It has unstalked cleistothecia, and each of its asci has two ascospores. Its simple asexual state consists of one or two round terminal chlamydospores.
Alain Budet (born 7 October 1952) is a French racing cyclist. He rode in the 1978 Tour de France.
Long v Lloyd [1958] 1 WLR 753 is an English contract law case concerning misrepresentation. It exemplifies that if a contract is affirmed by the party who has been misrepresented, rescission will be barred.
Derotettiginae is a subfamily of cicadas and includes two species Derotettix mendosensis Berg, 1882 and Derotettix wagneri Distant, 1905. It is restricted to the Dry Chaco and Monte de Llanuras y Mesettas ecoregions of Argentina. 
The subfamily characters include the head with eyes being wider than the width of the pronotum, a postclypeus that is rounded in transverse cross section. The mesonotum has no sound producing structures and the forewing has no pterostigma. The sole tribe Derotettigini within the subfamily is distinguished by the presence of a small prostrate primary femoral spine and no other spines. The male genitalia has the uncus not retractable within the pygofer. The aedeagus has a broad and flat theca. The forewing has seven apical cells.
Aitsu ni Koishite (あいつに恋して, In Love with Him) is a 1987 Japanese drama film directed by Taku Shinjō, based on the 1985 novel Uma no Gonta no Se ni Yurare Yatta ze! Nihonjūdan 2600-Kilo (馬のゴン太の背にゆられ やったぜ!日本縦断2600キロ, I Was Shaken on the Back of Gonta the Horse 2,600 Kilometers Across Japan!) by Yasuhisa Shimazaki. The film is notable for the acting debut of teen singer Chisato Moritaka. Aitsu ni Koishite was released theatrically on May 30, 1987 as part of Pocari Sweat's Movie Caravan campaign.
Polly Young-Eisendrath (born 1947) is an American psychologist, author, teacher, speaker, Jungian analyst, Zen Buddhist, and the founder of Dialogue Therapy and Real Dialogue and creator of the podcast Enemies: From War to Wisdom.
She has been a featured speaker at the Aspen Ideas Festival, TED-X, and is the recipient of the Otto Weininger Award for Lifetime Achievement in Psychoanalysis. Young-Eisendrath is the originator of Dialogue Therapy, designed to help couples and others transform chronic conflict into greater closeness and development. In 1983, she and her late husband, Ed Epstein, designed Dialogue Therapy as a new form of couples therapy that combined psychoanalysis, Jungian theory, psychodrama, and gender theory. She has published two books on Dialogue Therapy (1984 and 1993), detailing its theory and methods for clinicians and the general public. She has now re-visioned and updated Dialogue Therapy to include the distinctive combination of psychodrama, Object Relations, and Mindfulness. In 2019 Shambhala Publications released Love Between Equals: Relationship as a Spiritual Path, a book that offers her vision of personal love as a spiritual path and draws on her experience of 30 years as a Dialogue Therapist and Jungian analyst. In September, 2021 Routledge released Dialogue Therapy for Couples and Real Dialogue for Opposing Sides: Methods Based on Psychoanalysis and Mindfulness. She maintains a clinical practice of Jungian analytic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis in Vermont, United States.


The Landig Group (Austrian German: Landig Gruppe) was an occultist and neo-völkisch group formed in 1950, that first gathered for discussions at the studio of the designer Wilhelm Landig in the Margareten district of Vienna. The circle's most prominent and influential members were Wilhelm Landig (1909–1997), Erich Halik (Claude Schweighardt) and Rudolf J. Mund (1920–1985). The circle has also been referred to as the Landig Circle (Landig Kreis), Vienna Group (Wien Konzern)  and Vienna Lodge (Wien Lodge).
The European Championships Jodo 2009 were held on 17 and 18 November 2009 in Mierlo, the Netherlands.
"Belle Femme" is the ninth episode of the first season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire, which originally aired on November 14, 2010. It was written by staff writer Steve Kornacki and directed by Brad Anderson.
Nucky intensifies his efforts to deal with the threat posed by the D'Alessio brothers, while Van Alden attempts to arrest Jimmy for the shootings in the woods.
Major-General Sir Robert Porter  (31 January 1858 – 27 February 1928) was a British Army officer and physician.


Hyannis Port (or Hyannisport) is a small residential village located in the town of Barnstable, Massachusetts, United States. It is a summer community on Hyannis Harbor, 1.4 miles (2.3 km) to the south-southwest of Hyannis.


In computer science, a hash list is typically a list of hashes of the data blocks in a file or set of files. Lists of hashes are used for many different purposes, such as fast table lookup (hash tables) and distributed databases (distributed hash tables).

A hash list is an extension of the concept of hashing an item (for instance, a file). A hash list is a subtree of a Merkle tree.
Eros is the name of the first (and, to date, only) recording made by the French progressive rock band Dün. The record was self-released as a vinyl LP; a thousand copies were printed and sold by the band at concert. The band failed to find a record label for a further , international distribution. The concept of the album was based on Frank Herbert's novel Dune, which particularly fascinated Geeraerts and Vandenbulcke.
My Aquarium (Blue Oasis in Japan) is a virtual pet video game by Hudson Soft for WiiWare and PlayStation Network. It was released in Japan on June 24, 2008, in Europe on August 15, 2008 and in North America on September 1, 2008 for the WiiWare and on September 8, 2010 in Japan for the PlayStation Network.
Amanda Nell Eu (born November 26, 1985) is a Malaysian film director, writer and scriptwriter. She is known for her film Tiger Stripes. The film was shown at the 2023 Cannes Film Festival on 17 May 2023 where it won the Critics' Week Grand Prize. It was selected as the Malaysian entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 96th Academy Awards.
Pterostylis pratensis, commonly known as the Liawenee greenhood,  is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to Tasmania. Both flowering and non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves lying flat on the ground. Flowering plants have up to twelve crowded white flowers with prominent green stripes. This greenhood only grows in low, exposed subalpine tussock grassland.
Washington Township is a township in York County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,576 at the 2020 census. Kralltown is one of the township's unincorporated communities.
The Call is a historical novel by Australian writer Martin Flanagan. It was first published by Allen & Unwin in 1998. 
It was adapted into a stage play for Malthouse Theatre in 2004.
David Knoller is a television producer, director and writer who has worked on several TV series including Carnivàle, Power, Big Love, Freaks and Geeks, Lovecraft Country and The Changeling.
Yuka Anzai (born 14 October 1996) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for WE League club JEF United Chiba Ladies.
Tigran Honents (Armenian: Տիգրան Հոնենց) was a rich Armenian trader of the early 13th century, during the Zakarid period. He is especially known for his dedication of the Church of St Gregory of Tigran Honents in Ani, in Turkey's province of Kars next to the closed border with Armenia in 1215.
Leptostylus metallicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1880.
Governor Fairbanks may refer to:

Erastus Fairbanks (1792–1864), 21st Governor of Vermont
Horace Fairbanks (1820–1888), 36th Governor of Vermont
Phragmataecia furia is a species of moth of the family Cossidae. It is found in Uzbekistan, Afghanistan and possibly Tajikistan.
Good for Me is the third full-length album by Flint, Michigan's The Swellers, and second through label Fueled by Ramen.
Ryan Anthony Rua (born March 11, 1990) is an American former professional baseball outfielder and first baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Texas Rangers.
Cityscape (foaled 2 February 2006) is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, who raced in England, Ireland, Hong Kong, France, Dubai, Canada and Italy and was twice rated among the top 40 racehorses in the world.
As a juvenile in 2018 he showed promising form, winning one minor race and finishing second in the Royal Lodge Stakes but in the following spring after finishing second in the Greenham Stakes he ran unplaced in the 2000 Guineas and missed the rest of the year through injury. In 2010 he returned the track and won the Superior Mile and the Joel Stakes. As a five-year-old he emerged as a top-class performer, winning the Solonaway Stakes and the Prix Perth as well as being placed in the Queen Anne Stakes and the Hong Kong Mile. On his first appearance of 2012 he recorded his biggest success when he was an emphatic winner of the Dubai Duty Free Stakes and went on to be placed in the Prix Jacques Le Marois, Woodbine Mile and Queen Elizabeth II Stakes.
At the end of his racing career he was retired to become a breeding stallion in England.
Yours Fatefully (Chinese: 孤男寡女) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It was a mid-year blockbuster for 2012. It stars Kingone Wang, Jesseca Liu, Xiang Yun, Chen Shucheng, Eelyn Kok, Cavin Soh & Sora Ma as the casts of this series.
Esther Miriam Sandoval Flesch (São Paulo, March 9, 1967) is a Brazilian lawyer. Flesch was one of the most prominent lawyers in Brazil, and achieved recognition in international rankings such as Latin Lawyer, Latin American Corporate Counsel Association (LACCA), and Legal 500.
Kate Marie Byrnes (born 1971) is an American diplomat, who served as the United States ambassador to North Macedonia between July 2019 and September 2022. She is a career diplomat who has received many awards for her service.
Apericallia is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae. It was described by John Henry Leech in 1897 from seven species collected in western China in Moupin. The type species is Apericallia bilinearia.
In scholastic philosophy, Actus Purus (English: "Pure Actuality," "Pure Act") is the absolute perfection of God.
The canton of Hyères is an administrative division of the Var department, southeastern France. It was created at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Hyères.
It consists of the following communes:

Hyères (partly)
The 1990 CFL Draft composed of eight rounds where 64 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and Canadian players playing in the NCAA.
Ashley Hay (born 1971) is an Australian writer. She has won awards for both her nonfiction science writing and her novels. As of March 2022 she is editor of the Griffith Review.
Madascincus arenicola is an extant species of skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae. The species is endemic to Madagascar.
Andrew (Italian: Andrea di Raviscanina), count of Rupecanina, was a Norman nobleman of the Mezzogiorno. He was a longtime adversary of the royal power.
On 22 July 1138, Pope Innocent II and his supporters, Robert II of Capua and Richard of Rupecanina, were ambushed at Galluccio. Innocent was captured, but Robert and Richard escaped to Germany, where they were received by King Conrad III. Frederick Barbarossa succeeded Conrad in 1152 and, at the Diet of Würzburg, with the Normans present, decided to fulfill the dreams of the Emperor Lothair II and bring all Italy to heel. By the time he was ready to cross the Alps, Richard had died and was succeeded, formally, by his son Andrew, raised since childhood in Germany, at the imperial court.
After Barbarossa's imperial coronation on 18 June 1155, the Germans returned to their homes and the three Normans, still in rebellion, Robert of Capua, Andrew, and Robert of Loritello continued on. On the false report that William I of Sicily was dead, the three entered the Campania and successfully recovered all of their lands. But in May 1156, William countered. He defeated the rebels at Bari by the treason of Richard of Aquila. William then moved on Benevento, where Pope Adrian IV was sheltered by Robert of Militello and Andrew.
In June 1156, an agreement was reached between king and pope—the so-called Treaty of Benevento—whereby Robert of Loritello and Andrew, among others, were granted exile. Nonetheless, after withdrawing to the Abruzzi, Andrew rejoined Robert in returning to Apulia. He invaded Capua and Fondi in 1157. The Byzantine army left, but the pope sent reinforcements. At San Germano, now renamed Cassino, in January 1158, Andrew defeated the royal troops.
Andrew abandoned his newfound hold over Montecassino to defend his city of Ancona from Reginald of Dassel and Otto of Wittelsbach, generals of Barbarossa besieging the city. Peace was made before Spring was out and Andrew accompanied Reginald and Otto north to Milan and joined the ongoing siege under Barbarossa's command. He continued there until 7 September, when the city fell.
In 1161, Andrew rejoined Robert of Loritello again in rebellion against King William. The rebels burnt Butera but were forced to abandon their cause by the king's personal intervention. Andrew fled to Constantinople to beg for men and money but received none, for peace was established between Palermo and Byzantium. Andrew only reappears in 1167 assisted by Christian of Buch with imperial troops to repossess his fiefs, including Ancona. He failed. He was present at the Battle of Monte Porzio according to Romuald of Salerno.
A flotilla (from Spanish, meaning a small flota (fleet) of ships), or naval flotilla, is a formation of small warships that may be part of a larger fleet.
Sir Roger Fry CBE, BD Hons (London), Hon D Litt (Portsmouth), PGCE (London), AKC, FRSA, F Inst D.
Sir Roger Fry was born in Portsmouth in 1943 during World War Two and he has memories of the conflict and its effects on the city and his family. One of his earliest memories was the funeral of his uncle, a bomber pilot, killed in 1945.
He chose education as a career and contributed to the expansion of British education internationally. He has also contributed to Anglo Spanish cultural and educational relations.
Senecio antandroi  is a species of the genus Senecio endemic to Madagascar.
Anton Pavlovich Shkarin (Russian: Антон Павлович Шкарин; born 15 November 1982) is a Russian beach soccer player. He currently plays as defender for Krylya Sovetov Samara.
An election to Worcestershire County Council took place on 2 May 2013 as part of the 2013 United Kingdom local elections. 57 councillors were elected from 53 electoral divisions, which returned either one or two county councillors each by first-past-the-post voting for a four-year term of office. The divisions were the same as those used at the previous election in 2009. The election saw the Conservative Party retain overall control of the council with a significantly reduced majority of just 2 seats.
All locally registered electors (British, Commonwealth and European Union citizens) who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 2 May 2013 were entitled to vote in the local elections. Those who were temporarily away from their ordinary address (for example, away working, on holiday, in student accommodation or in hospital) were also entitled to vote in the local elections, although those who had moved abroad and registered as overseas electors cannot vote in the local elections. It is possible to register to vote at more than one address (such as a university student who had a term-time address and lives at home during holidays) at the discretion of the local Electoral Register Office, but it remains an offence to vote more than once in the same local government election.
Fortunet Alain Nouatin is a Beninese politician and educator. She is the current Minister of National Defence in Benin, having been appointed to the position in early 2021 by the current president of Benin, Patrice Talon. Her term began on 25 May 2021.
Speedway is one of the most popular sports in Poland. The Ekstraliga has the highest average attendances for any sport in Poland. The first meetings in Poland were held in the 1930s.
Speedway in Poland is governed by the Main Commission of Speedway Sport (Główna Komisja Sportu Żużlowego, GKSŻ) which is a part of the Polish Motor Union (Polski Związek Motorowy, PZM). PZM is a member of the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM) and the Union Européenne de Motocyclisme (UEM).
Mouda is the largest village in Khandatara mauja.  Khandatara is a mauja (cluster village) in Bhadrak district of Orissa. There are about 10 temples in the village.
Nanne Choda (Telugu: నన్నె చోడుడు) was a 12th century Telugu poet renowned for composing the famous work Kumara Sambhavam. He holds the titles Tekanadityudu (టెంకాణాదిత్యుడు) and Kaviraja Sikhamani (కవిరాజ శిఖామణి). He is regarded as the first composer of Prabandha. The trio of Nanne Choda, Mallikarjuna Panditaradhya and Palkuriki Somanatha are referred as Śivakavitrayam (i.e. Trio of Saivite Poets). These trio along with Piduparthi poets and Yathavakkula Annamayya pioneered Veera Saiva movement in Andhra region.
Leiataualesa Vaiao John Ala'ilima (29 November 1921 – 27 November 2016) was a Samoan politician and Cabinet Minister. He was the husband of writer Fay Calkins.
Leiataualesa was born in Gataivai, Samoa and educated at Lahainaluna High School in Hawaii. He served in the United States Marine Corps. He later attended McPherson College in Kansas, and American University in Washington, D.C., where he completed an M.A. thesis on Democracy: Samoan Style. He married writer Fay Calkins while studying in Washington. Their early life together is chronicled in her book, My Samoan Chief.  
Leiataualesa initially ran a banana plantation, but when Samoa gained independence in 1962 he became the country's first Public Service Commissioner. He took a leave of absence in 1964 to contest the 1964 Western Samoan general election, but was unsuccessful. In February 1964 he suspended the Government Printer, Frank Sprague, for regularly being found in the Apia Club during work hours. Sprague was subsequently dismissed during Leiataualesa's leave of absence, challenged his dismissal in court, and had it overturned. Leiataualesa initially ignored the court ruling, but paid Sprague up until the end of his contract after Cabinet instructed him to obey it. Later in 1964 he was instructed by Cabinet to implement a new policy to dismiss any public servant who had deliberately deceived a government department. The policy was intended to target harbourmaster Captain Harry Moors, who had been critical of government policy, but Leiataualesa pointed out that he had not been convicted of deceiving a government department, and instead dismissed eleven senior public servants, many of whom were allies of the government. Leiataualesa contract as Public Service Commissioner was not renewed, and he was replaced by Tufuga Samuelu Atoa in 1965. Leiataualesa subsequently moved to Hawaii, where he was a research fellow at the East–West Center.
He returned to Samoa in 1986, and was elected to the legislative Assembly of Samoa in the 1988 election.  he served as Minister of Justice, Labour, Public Service, and Public Works before retiring from politics in 1996.
Following his retirement from politics Leiataualesa worked as a research fellow at the National University of Samoa in the Samoan Studies program. He published a book of oral histories and genealogies, O tatou Tupuaga: Our Ancestors.
Lord Beauchamp may refer to:

Baron Beauchamp of Hache
Baron Beauchamp de Warwick
Baron Beauchamp of Powick
Baron Beauchamp de Somerset
Baron Beauchamp of Bletso
Beauchamp, Baron St Amand
Baron Beauchamp of Kidderminster
Viscount Beauchamp, a subsidiary title of the Marquess of Hertford, second creation
Viscount Beauchamp of Hache, a subsidiary title of the Duke of Somerset, first creation
Earl Beauchamp
The 2016–17 Nedbank Cup is a South African club football (soccer) tournament. The knockout tournament, based on the English FA Cup format, was one of a weak opponent facing a stronger one.
The Virginia Civil Rights Memorial is a monument in Richmond, Virginia, commemorating protests which helped bring about school desegregation in the state. The memorial was opened in July 2008, and is located on the grounds of the Virginia State Capitol. It features eighteen statues of leaders or participants in the Civil Rights Movement on four sides of a rectangular granite stone block onto which are carved quotes. The memorial was designed by Stanley Bleifeld, who was chosen by the commission behind the construction of the monument. The memorial cost $2.8 million which was financed by private donations.
The Halldis Moren Vesaas Prize (Norwegian: Halldis Moren Vesaas-prisen) is a Norwegian literary prize which is awarded annually to a Norwegian for lyric or other poetry, which through the quality and magnitude of the work has established a significant voice in Norwegian poetry. 
The prize was established by the publisher Olaf Norlis Bokhandel upon Halldis Moren Vesaas' death in 1995.  The jury consists of a manager from Norlis, the literary director from another publisher and the current head of the Norwegian Writers' Center. The prize has not been awarded since 2007.
The 1992–93 Divizia B was the 53rd season of the second tier of the Romanian football league system.
The format has been changed from three series to only two series, both of them having 18 teams. At the end of the season, the winners of the series promoted to Divizia A and the last two places from both series relegated to Divizia C.
Phrong Maduea railway station is a railway station in Phrong Maduea Subdistrict, Nakhon Pathom City, Nakhon Pathom, Thailand. It is a class 3 railway station 55.368 km (34.4 mi) from Thon Buri railway station.
Moul Daravorn (born 27 May 1993) is a former Cambodian footballer who played as a defender. He was a member of Cambodia national football team.
Leopold Mordkhelovich Godowsky Sr. (13 February 1870 – 21 November 1938) was a Lithuanian-born American virtuoso pianist, composer and teacher. He was one of the most highly regarded performers of his time, known for his theories concerning the application of relaxed weight and economy of motion within pianistic technique – principles later propagated by his pupils, such as Heinrich Neuhaus.
He was heralded among musical giants as the "Buddha of the Piano". Ferruccio Busoni claimed that he and Godowsky were "the only composers to have added anything of significance to keyboard writing since Franz Liszt."
As a composer, Godowsky is best known for his Java Suite, Triakontameron, Passacaglia and Walzermasken, alongside his transcriptions of works by other composers; the best-known of these works are the 53 Studies on Chopin's Études (1894–1914).
The Mosque of Ala Vardi Khan is a mosque and a government of India protected monument.
The Fire Safety Evaluation System (FSES) is a system used in the United States to evaluate the overall level of a building's fire safety. FSES applies to health care, prisons and jails, offices, laboratory buildings, and overnight accommodations in National Parks.
FSES values are provided in the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) Standard 101A, Guide on Alternative Approaches to Life Safety.  
A FSES evaluation defines the relative impact of a deficiency or proposed improvement to the building.   It also provides a means of comparing the effectiveness of proposed improvements by producing a comparative baseline and readily shows the relative gain in fire safety for proposed improvements.
Fire sprinklers have an extensive impact on fire safety and are therefore allotted a high value in the FSES.
Sultan Sri Alam, also known as Sultan Mughal (d. 1579), was the sixth sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra. He led a very brief reign in the year 1579 before being deposed and killed.
Sultan Mughal was one of the five sons of Sultan Alauddin al-Kahar. Before his accession he governed Priaman, a port town on the west coast of Sumatra. He was married to Raja Dewi, a daughter of Munawwar Syah of the Indrapura kingdom. When his elder brother Ali Ri'ayat Syah I died in 1579, he was briefly succeeded by his infant son Sultan Muda. The latter soon died, and the throne went to Sultan Mughal who took the reign name Sultan Sri Alam. According to the chronicle Hikayat Aceh, he was excessively generous, especially giving away riches to the uleëbalangs (chiefs) of Barus, another port town on the west coast. Since the treasury was emptied, two grandees of the kingdom called Maharaja and Malik az-Zahir found him unsuited and deposed him after a very brief reign. The chronicle Bustanus Salatin describes him bad-tempered and unfit to rule, and was therefore deprived of his throne as well as his life. He was succeeded by his nephew Zainul Abidin. He was the progenitor of the later sultans of Indrapura. According to a much later genealogy he had a son, Syekh Muhyuddin Fadlil Syah, whose great-granddaughter ruled Aceh as Kamalat Syah (1688-1699).
The Grand Prix Miguel Induráin (Spanish: Gran Premio Miguel Induráin), formerly the "Grand Prix Navarre" is a Spanish one-day road bicycle race.
The Jack Sport was a French automobile manufactured from 1925 until 1930.
Built in Paris by one M. Corbeau (also a builder of motorcycles), it was a 410 cc single-cylinder cyclecar.
The City Stable and Garage is a historic public works building at 74 Elliot Street in Newton, Massachusetts.  The 1.5-story brick building was built in 1926–27, and represents a transitional period between the use of horse-drawn equipment and the advent of combustion-powered vehicles.  Built on a hillside, it has a fully exposed basement with four garage bays, while its main level originally housed 26 horse stalls.  It was designed, however, so that the main floor could be converted to automotive use when horses were no longer needed.  The building is also a fine example of Flemish Revival design, with stepped gable ends.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
London Gay Men's Chorus is a gay choir that was founded in 1991 by a group of nine gay men. The group now has around 200 singing members at any one time and over 300 members in total.
List of software by Apple cover different types of software written by Apple Inc. They include:
Kahiri (Persian: کهیری) is a village in, and the capital of, Kahiri Rural District of Ahuran District, Nik Shahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan province, Iran.
Premier Asia was a UK DVD distribution company, operating between the years 2003 and 2008. It was owned by Medusa Communications throughout its first year. In 2004, Contender Entertainment Group took over Medusa Communications, including both Premier Asia and its sister label, Hong Kong Legends. In 2007, Contender was themselves purchased by Entertainment One. Premier Asia is the sister company of Hong Kong Legends, and whilst that company specialised only in Hong Kong films, Premier Asia encompassed films from all of the major film making centres of Asia (outside of mainland China), specifically Japan, South Korea & Thailand.
In keeping with the Hong Kong Legends DVD format, many of the earlier releases included audio commentaries from Hong Kong cinema expert, producer and screenwriter Bey Logan, he would be partnered here for many releases with Asian cinema expert Mike Leeder.
Al-e Tayyeb (Persian: ال طيب, also Romanized as Āl-e Ţayyeb; also known as ‘Alī Tayāb, ‘Alī Ţayebī, and ‘Alī Tīāb) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 516, in 96 families.
Herman I. Quackenboss (January 8, 1792 Washington County, New York - November 19, 1874 Lansingburgh, Rensselaer County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Fossa GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Fossa, County Kerry, Ireland. The club is concerned with the game of Gaelic football. It is a member of the East Kerry GAA board.
Chyoda (Russian: Чёда) is a rural locality (a village) in Verkhnetoyemsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 405 as of 2010. 


The Swedish PGA Championship for men is a golf tournament played annually in Sweden since 1970. It has been an event on the Swedish Golf Tour schedule since 1984 and the Nordic Golf League since 1999.
The men's 800 metres at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics was held on August 11, 12 and 14 at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium.
Belal Mansoor Ali took the field through the first 400 in 52.48.  Kicker Yuriy Borzakovskiy went to the back of the pack, but uncharacteristically moved to the front near the end of the first lap.  But the entire field was jostling for position, with Wilfred Bungei elbowing his way to the lead and the entire field scrambling for position, and suddenly Borzakovskiy found himself in seventh place again after expending the effort to get a better position.  Djabir Saïd-Guerni led the chase through the final turn, with William Yiampoy on his heels.  Through the turn, Rashid Ramzi went around the outside, passing Saïd-Guerni as they hit the home stretch.  Saïd-Guerni faded allowing Yiampoy to pass him on the inside.  Further back Borzakovskiy was dealing with traffic of Mehdi Baala and Ali still in sixth place coming off the final turn.  Ramzi easily sprinted past Bungei and on to victory.  Bungei was struggling to hold on to second with Yiampoy sneaking through, again on the inside.  Borzakovskiy's late rush caught everybody else, passing Yiampoy just before the line but was too late to catch Ramzi.   Three years later Ramzi was disqualified from the Olympics on a doping violation, but to date has been allowed to keep his previous medals.
Sir David Henry (24 November 1888 – 20 August 1963) was a Scottish-born New Zealand industrialist, company director, and philanthropist.
Zenun Selimi (born 21 November 1971) is a Kosovan football manager and former player who played as a winger.
Edward John Stanley, 2nd Baron Stanley of Alderley,  (13 November 1802 – 16 June 1869), known as The Lord Eddisbury between 1848 and 1850, was a British politician. He served as Postmaster General between 1860 and 1866.
The Slovakia national rugby union team has yet to qualify for a Rugby World Cup. They are currently affiliated to FIRA-AER, but not yet to World Rugby.
"Stay" is a song by American group Jodeci from their debut album Forever My Lady (1991). The song was the third single released in promotion for the album in December 1991.  "Stay" was the group's second number one R&B hit, spending two weeks at number-one on the US R&B chart and peaked at number forty-one on the Billboard Hot 100. 

My Lady.


Secreted frizzled-related protein 5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SFRP5 gene.
Secreted frizzled-related protein 5 (SFRP5) is a member of the SFRP family that contains a cysteine-rich domain homologous to the putative Wnt-binding site of Frizzled proteins. SFRPs act as soluble modulators of Wnt signaling. SFRP5 and SFRP1 may be involved in determining the polarity of photoreceptor cells in the retina. SFRP5 is highly expressed in the retinal pigment epithelium, and moderately expressed in the pancreas.
The Dunn–Erwin Twins were a minor league baseball team based in Dunn, North Carolina in partnership with neighboring Erwin, North Carolina. From 1946 to 1950, the Dunn–Erwin teams played exclusively as members of the Class D level Tobacco State League. 
The Twins hosted minor league home games at the Dunn High School Park.
Azeem Dar (born 11 December 1996) is a Pakistani cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Khan Research Laboratories in the 2017–18 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy on 2 November 2017.
Before relocating to Pakistan Dar represented Scotland and was part of their 2016 Under 19 World Cup squad.
Saramon (French pronunciation: [saʁamɔ̃]) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Evdokia Fedorovna Bobyleva (Russian: Евдокия Фёдоровна Бобылёва; 18 August 1919 – 29 August 2017) was a Soviet and Russian teacher who served as a deputy in the Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union from 1989 to 1991 and in the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union in 1991. She worked for more than 70 years as an educator in the Tula Oblast, serving as director of the Odoevskaya Secondary School between 1966 and 2010. Bobyleva served on the Regional Committee of the Trade Union of Education Workers and was a delegate to the XIV Congress of Trade Unions of the USSR in 1968. She was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour, the Order of the Patriotic War, Second Class, the Order of Lenin and the People's Teacher of the USSR.
The Voice UK is a British television music competition to find new singing talent. The eleventh series premiered on 3 September 2022 on ITV. will.i.am, Anne-Marie, Sir Tom Jones and Olly Murs returned as coaches, whilst Emma Willis returned as presenter.
On 29 October 2022, Anthonia Edwards was announced as the winner of the season, marking Tom Jones' third win as a coach and the second coach in any variation of the British version of The Voice to win more than two seasons, after Pixie Lott on the Kids' version. For the first time, the first artist to perform in the Blind Auditions went on to win the entire season which, including the final, was pre-recorded.
Daphnella pulchrelineata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Raphitomidae.
The Corporate Town of Peterborough was a local government area in South Australia centred on the town of Peterborough. It came into existence on 7 October 1886 when it separated from the surrounding District Council of Yongala. It was initially known as Petersburg; it was renamed Peterborough on 10 January 1918, one of many South Australian places to be renamed as a consequence of World War I. It gained additional sections from the Yongala council on 30 August 1888 and 25 November 1897, but lost some territory in 1935 when Yongala amalgamated with the adjacent District Council of Coglin to create the District Council of Peterborough. The two municipalities would coexist alongside each other, the town surrounded by the district council, for more than sixty years.
The council acquired the Petersburg Institute building on Main Street for a town hall in 1894; it survives today but has been converted to residential use. It built the current Peterborough Town Hall next door in 1927; the large, ornate building is heritage-listed and now serves as the seat of its successor municipality. In 1913, the council decided to institute a municipal electric supply; the subsequent plant was extended several times, and in 1936 was described as "the most up-to-date outside [Adelaide], with the exception of Port Pirie". In 1986, ownership of the rolling stock of the Steamtown Peterborough Railway Preservation Society was vested in the council by the Parliament of South Australia following a parliamentary inquiry.
The Corporate Town of Peterborough ceased to exist in 1997, when it amalgamated into the surrounding District Council of Peterborough.
The Ministry of Aerospace Industry of the People's Republic of China (simplified Chinese: 中华人民共和国航天工业部; traditional Chinese: 中華人民共和國航天工業部; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Rénmín Gònghéguó Hángtiān Gōngyèbù) was a government ministry of China between 1956 and 1988.  The ministry was responsible for managing the Chinese space program. In 1988, the ministry was succeeded by the Ministry of Astronautics Industry, which was split into the China National Space Administration and China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation in July 1993 as a part of government reform and modernization efforts.
William Everett Jones (November 8, 1894 – November 9, 1977) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Amsterdam is a 1998 novel by British writer Ian McEwan, for which he was awarded the 1998 Booker Prize.
Joseph Michael Poole (born August 12, 1976), better known by his stage name Wednesday 13, is an American singer and musician. Apart from his solo career, he was the frontman of the horror punk/glam metal band Murderdolls and has also played in several other bands, including Maniac Spider Trash, Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13, Bourbon Crow, and Gunfire 76.
In a Metal Mood: No More Mr. Nice Guy is a 1997 album by American singer Pat Boone in which Boone covers hard rock and heavy metal songs in a jazz/big band style. Boone promoted the album by appearing in leather clothing (and, at that year's American Music Awards, wearing a dog collar). He succeeded in propelling Metal Mood onto the Billboard record charts (making it Boone's first hit album in 36 years), but it did not please some of his older, longtime fans who considered the heavy metal genre in bad taste, or worse. The album has since become somewhat popular as a joke gift to metal fans (as often indicated in reviews given to it) although some serious sites have given it good reviews on its own merits. The album featured guest appearances from well-known rock musicians such as Ronnie James Dio and Ritchie Blackmore.
In October of the same year, and in a similar vein, Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé covered Soundgarden's "Black Hole Sun" in a lounge-jazz style on the 1997 compilation album release, Lounge-A-Palooza. This idea of giving rock hits a "standards" treatment was imitated later by Boone's contemporary Paul Anka in the 2005 album Rock Swings, which also featured Anka doing a cover of "Black Hole Sun".
Good to Be Alive is an album by Long John Baldry released in 1973. It was credited to John Baldry on the cover and spine. The album was produced by Jimmy Horowitz. "Maggie Bell" was an acoustic tribute to the singer of Stone the Crows.
Golestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان گلستان) is in Qahderijan District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan province, Iran. Its capital is the village of Qaleh-ye Amir.
Anna Mathilda Augusta Åbergsson (6 January 1871 – 18 April 1937) was a leading figure in the Swedish allotment garden movement.
Michael Hill International Ltd. is a speciality retailer of jewellery. As of June 2024, it operates 300 stores in Australia, New Zealand and Canada. The company employs approximately 2,600 permanent employees. Its headquarters are in Brisbane, Australia.
Louisa Reeve (born 16 May 1984 in London) is a British rower who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
William Thomas Pennar Davies (12 November 1911 – 29 December 1996) was a Welsh clergyman and author.
Born William Thomas Davies, in Mountain Ash, the son of a miner, he took the name "Pennar" (a stream in Mountain Ash and the root of its Welsh name Aberpennar) "as a sign of his identification with the native culture of Wales". Pennar Davies studied at University of Wales, Cardiff, at Balliol and Mansfield College, Oxford, and at Yale University.  In 1943 he became a Congregational minister in Cardiff.  He was subsequently professor of Church History at Bala-Bangor Theological College and Brecon Congregational Memorial College, was Principal of Brecon Congregational Memorial College from 1950 and Principal of Swansea Memorial College from 1959 until his retirement in 1979.
Davies wrote poetry under the pseudonym Davies Aberpennar. Until about 1948 he wrote in both Welsh and English, and after this almost exclusively in Welsh, which he had learnt as a young man.
A member of Plaid Cymru, he was co-opted onto its National Executive Committee (Welsh: Pwyllgor Gwaith Cenedlaethol) at Easter 1947, Literary Editor of the party's monthly newspaper, The Welsh Nationalist from March 1947  and its Editor from April 1949. During this period, the newspaper published new poetry by Idris Davies and R. S. Thomas Davies stood as a Parliamentary candidate at Llanelli in the UK general elections of 1964 and the 1966.  He was a leading campaigner for Welsh language broadcasting.
Pennar Davies and his wife Rosemarie had five children.  His eldest son Dr Meirion Pennar, became a leading Welsh language academic, poet and translator.
Serge Tousignant  (born May 28, 1942) is a Canadian multidisciplinary artist and a photographer who lives in Montreal.
The Cleveland Dam is a 91-metre high (299 ft) concrete dam at the head of the Capilano River in Upper Capilano,  North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada that holds back Capilano Lake, also known as Capilano reservoir. Part of the Capilano River Regional Park, it stores a portion of the Lower Mainland's drinking water. It captures water from one of the three Metro Vancouver watersheds. Construction was started in 1951 and completed in 1954.
The dam is named after engineer Ernest Albert Cleveland who envisioned the need for the proper maintenance of a pristine and efficient water supply as well as sustainable use of water resources. He served as the first chief commissioner of the Greater Vancouver Water District from 1926 until his death in 1952.


Umar Ganj (formally known as Nariyaon Urf Umar Ganj) is a village in Zamania tehsil of Ghazipur District, Uttar Pradesh, India. As of the 2011 Census Umar Ganj has a total population of 7816 and a geographical area of 536.56 hectares. The land were the Umar Ganj urf Nariyaon stood belonged to the Kamsaar Pathans family of Kusi. Later in 1680s many Kamsar Pathans from Kusi and near by relative village settled here and established the village of Umar Ganj. Later in 1750s many Hindu families also came and established the village of Nariyaon on that land.
Sindhi music is popular in Pakistan and some parts of India. There have been several world-famous Sindhi singers who have performed in Sindh and abroad .This is a list of notable Sindhi singers.
Phyllophaga submucida is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
Kate Brasher (born 2 August 1962) is a retired tennis player from the UK who competed on the WTA Tour.
Brasher is the daughter of Shirley Bloomer, who won the ladies singles title at the 1957 French Open, and Olympic athlete Chris Brasher. She was a British Junior champion and played for Britain in the Junior Wightman Cup. She retired from the full-time game in order to attend London University.
Antilligobius is a genus of goby. It contains only the species Antilligobius nikkiae, the sabre goby, which is native to deep waters of the western Atlantic Ocean. The specific name honours  Nicole Laura Schrier, the daughter of the owner of the Sea Aquarium in Curaçao, who collected many of the type specimens.
Acacia trapezoidea is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae. It is native to an area in south western Australia.
María Estefanía Dávalos y Maldonado (January 5, 1725 in Chimborazo – Quito, c. 1801) was an Ecuadorian sculptor and painter. She was a part of the Quito School of the 18th century.
Her most famous work is La Virgen del Carmen, a sculpture located in a monastery in Ecuador. Her first known work is La conversión de San Pablo, which she painted around 1738.
USS Marigold was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a tugboat, dispatch boat and also as a gunboat in the blockade of the Confederacy.
Marigold, a screw tug built at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was purchased by the Navy at Philadelphia 13 June 1863 and commissioned there the same day.
Homona fatalis is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1936. It is found on Seram and in Malaysia. The habitat consists of cultivated areas, lowland forests, bamboo and secondary forests.
The larvae feed on Acacia mangium, Cinnamomum verum, Coffea liberica, Citrus aurantiifolia and Theobroma cacao.
Sphecomyia tsherepanovi is a species of syrphid fly in the family Syrphidae.
Houldsworth Model Village was a model village situated in the centre of Reddish, 3 miles north of Stockport in the North of England. It was built by William Houldsworth, for the benefit of his employees at Houldsworth Mills.
The first of Houldsworth's mills was completed in 1865. In 1874 work was completed on an institute, which is still standing and now called Houldsworth Working Men's Club. The institute was designed by architect Abraham Henthorn Stott who also designed Houldsworth's Mills, however it was a different architect, Alfred Waterhouse who designed St Elisabeth's church, rectory and school, which were built shortly after. Alfred Waterhouse had just carried out extensive improvements on William Houldsworth's newly acquired home of Coodham Estate in Kilmarnock.
Directly opposite the front of the mill a series of houses were built on Houldsworth Street. These were to be the largest and grandest of all the houses built as part of the model village. They were for the mill's managers and foreman and was nicknamed by the other works as 'nob row'. These houses and the ones on Liverpool Street are the only remaining dwellings from the original model village.
The 1st Anti-Aircraft Division was an Imperial Japanese Army unit of World War II. It was responsible for the anti-aircraft guns and searchlight units assigned to defend cities in the central region of Honshu.
The 1957–58 Romanian Hockey League season was the 28th season of the Romanian Hockey League. Four teams participated in the league, and CCA Bucuresti won the championship.
The Meridian 11°15' East was proposed as prime meridian by Arno Peters in the Peters World Map.
The Meridian is the antipode of 168°45' West of Greenwich which runs through the Bering Strait and was proposed as a new date line. On Peters' world map the easternmost part of Asia and Russia is not displayed left of Alaska, as is usually done on Greenwich-centered maps, but on the right side as the rest of Russia and Asia.
The meridian, 11° 15' East of Greenwich traverses the city center of Florence in Italy and therefore is also known as Florence Meridian.
It passes through:
Kentucky Route 21 (KY 21) is a 14.196-mile (22.846 km) west–east highway in Madison County, running from the Garrard County line near Paint Lick to Bighill, east of Berea.
It begins at KY 52 at the Garrard County line at the Paint Lick Creek Bridge. The road passes through Wallaceton and traverses over Interstate 75 in Berea, where KY 21 shortly runs along with US 25. After US 25 breaks away and goes north toward the Blue Grass Army Depot, KY 21 continues to the east and intersects US 421 in Bighill before ending at the Jackson County line.
The sector, also known as a  sector rule, proportional compass, or military compass, was a major calculating instrument in use from the end of the sixteenth century until the nineteenth century. It is an instrument consisting of two rulers of equal length joined by a hinge. A number of scales are inscribed upon the instrument which facilitate various mathematical calculations. It was used for solving problems in proportion, multiplication and division, geometry, and trigonometry, and for computing various mathematical functions, such as square roots and cube roots. Its several scales permitted easy and direct solutions of problems in gunnery, surveying and navigation. The sector derives its name from the fourth proposition of the sixth book of Euclid, where it is demonstrated that similar triangles have their like sides proportional. Some sectors also incorporated a quadrant, and sometimes a clamp at the end of one leg which allowed the device to be used as a gunner's quadrant.
Elections to Basingstoke and Deane Borough Council took place on Thursday 2 May 2019, alongside other local elections across the country. Elections took place in 20 of the 60 seats.
Khaliqpur Kalan is a village in Unchahar block of Raebareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 30 km from Raebareli, the district headquarters. As of 2011, it has a population of 1,841 people, in 339 households.
The 1961 census recorded Khaliqpur Kalan as comprising 4 hamlets, with a total population of 590 people (300 male and 290 female), in 129 households and 129 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 494 acres.
The 1981 census recorded Khaliqpur Kalan (as "Khalikpur Kalan") as having a population of 760 people, in 189 households, and having an area of 203.55 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice.
The sailing competitions at the 2013 Mediterranean Games in Mersin took place between 21 June and 27 June in front of the Mersin Marina.
Athletes competed in four Olympic classes.
Guynemer may refer to:

Georges Guynemer (1894–1917) French WWI flying ace
Guynemer of Boulogne, Boulognese pirate and Crusader of the First Crusade
Monument Guynemer, Guynemer Square, Poelkapelle, Flanders, Belgium; see List of World War I memorials and cemeteries in Flanders
Guynemer, Saint-Denis, Ile-de-France, France; a tram stop; see List of tram stops in Île-de-France
Mikumo Guynemer (Japanese: 美雲・ギンヌメール), a fictional character from Macross Delta; see List of Macross Delta characters
The Second Hurricane is an opera in two acts by Aaron Copland to a libretto by Edwin Denby. Specifically written for school performances, it lasts just under an hour and premiered on April 21, 1937, at the Henry Street Settlement playhouse in New York City. Set in the United States in the 1930s, the opera tells the story of a group of high school students who become trapped on an island while working to rescue the victims of a hurricane.
The Countess is a 2009 French-German historical crime thriller drama written and directed by Julie Delpy, who also composed its score. It stars Delpy, Daniel Brühl and William Hurt. It is based on the life of the notorious Hungarian countess Elizabeth Báthory.
The film is the third directorial effort by Delpy, who has said of the project that "it sounds like a gothic [story] but it's more a drama. It's more focusing on the psychology of human beings when they're given power."
Köpeç (also: Küpeç) is a village in the Uğurludağ District of Çorum Province in Turkey. Its population is 23 (2022).
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry may refer to:

Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Alberta), in the Executive Council of Alberta, Canada
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Bulgaria), now the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Forestry
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Equatorial Guinea)
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Finland)
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Japan), now the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Kaduna State), Nigeria, now the Ministry of Agriculture
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Laos)
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (New Zealand), now defunct and part of the Ministry for Primary Industries
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (South Korea), now the Ministry for Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (South Sudan)
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (Turkey)
Laugh Out Loud is a Canadian radio show on CBC Radio One. Hosted by Ali Hassan, the series presents primarily audio recordings of stand up comedy performances, as well as some novelty songs.  Although primarily recorded in studio, the series also records live performances in various popular venues across Canada. Commonly, the host also conducts a short interview with the comedian after each set.
The show was previously hosted by Craig Norris, Ali Rizvi Badshah (until July 2010) and Sabrina Jalees (until April 2010).


The women's individual BC2 boccia event at the 2024 Summer Paralympics will be contested between 28 August and 2 September 2024 at the South Paris Arena.
The event structure begins with pool stages. The top two players from each of four pools then entered into a quarter-final single-elimination stage, with the losing semifinalists playing off for bronze.
The 2021–22 Hobart Hurricanes season was the eleventh in the club's history. The team was coached by Adam Griffith and captained by Matthew Wade, they competed in the BBL's 2021–22 season.
P. Mohamed Ali, popularly known as Galfar Mohamed Ali is a non-resident Indian businessman from Thalikulam in Thrissur. He is the founder of Galfar Engineering and Contracting. Ali is ranked as the twelfth richest Indian with a wealth of $950 million in the Persian Gulf region with a wealth of $950 million. The Oman Government has awarded "Civil Order Grade Three" to him for his contribution to the country.
Jean-Clément Jeanbart (born 3 March 1943) is a Melkite archbishop, who currently serves as the Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo and Apostolic Visitor in Western Europe of the Greek Melkites.
"Vågar du, vågar jag" (English: "If you dare, I dare too") is a song written by Bobby Ljunggren, Fredrik Kempe and Henrik Wikström, and performed by Sanna Nielsen at Melodifestivalen 2007. The song participated at the semifinals in the town of Gävle on 24 February 2007, and reached the finals via Andra chansen in Nyköping on 3 March 2007. In the finale held in Stockholm Globe Arena, the song ended up in seventh place. On 5 March 2007 the song was released as a single, which peaked at number 10 on the Swedish singles chart.
The song also charted at Svensktoppen, entering the chart on 29 April 2007 reaching number eight on the chart. At Svensktoppen, the song peaked at 7th position during a visit lasting four weeks, ending with an eight position on 20 May 2007.
This article lists the presidents of the Provisional State Council and Presidents of Israel since the adoption of the Israeli Declaration of Independence in 1948.
El Reencuentro 2011, also known as El Reencuentro: diez años después premiered on March 17, 2011 and will end the May 2, 2011 lasting 47 days. It's the second season for the reality show El Reencuentro. In this season, there are contestants of several famous realities from Telecinco. Seven pairs of ex-contestants with unfinished business (fights, love, etc.) from different reality shows (Gran Hermano, Gran Hermano VIP, Operación Triunfo, Supervivientes, Hotel Glam, La Casa de tu vida and Las Joyas de la Corona) are reunited and must live and fight together for the award.
The SS. Cyril and Methodius National Library (Bulgarian: Национална библиотека „Свети Свети Кирил и Методий“, romanized: Natsionalna biblioteka "Sveti Sveti Kiril i Metodiy") is the national library of Bulgaria, situated in the capital city of Sofia. Founded on 4 April 1878, the library received the status of Bulgarian National Library three years later and the Bulgarian National Revival Archive was merged into it in 1924.
It is named after "SS. Cyril and Methodius"; Saints Cyril and Methodius. They are the creators of the Glagolitic alphabet. The Cyrillic alphabet is named after Cyril.
The present building of the library is among the landmarks of Sofia. It was designed by the famous Bulgarian architectural team Vasilyov-Dimitur Tsolov and completed in the period 1940–1953.
Seh Farsakh (Persian: سه فرسخ; also known as Sefarsakh and Seh Farsang) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 15 families.
This Joe Cocker discography lists the recordings plus live appearances of John Robert "Joe" Cocker, OBE (20 May 1944 – 22 December 2014), the English rock/blues musician, composer and actor who came to popularity in the 1960s, and was most known for his gritty voice, his idiosyncratic arm movements while performing, and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of the Beatles.
He received several awards, including a 1983 Grammy Award for his song "Up Where We Belong", a duet which he performed with Jennifer Warnes. He was ranked No. 97 on Rolling Stone's 100 greatest singers list.
Modern United States wind energy policy coincided with the beginning of modern wind industry of the United States, which began in the early 1980s with the arrival of utility-scale wind turbines in California at the Altamont Pass wind farm. Since then, the industry has had to endure the financial uncertainties caused by a highly fluctuating tax incentive program. Because these early wind projects were fueled by investment tax credits based on installation rather than performance, they were plagued with issues of low productivity and equipment reliability. Those investment tax credits expired in 1986, which forced investors to focus on improving the reliability and efficiency of their turbines.  The 1990s saw rise to a new type of tax credit, the production tax credit, which propelled technological improvements to the wind turbine even further by encouraging investors to focus on electricity output rather than installation. 
Wind energy policy is generally directed at three categories of constituents:

Research and Development Organizations
Commercial/Residential Generators
Manufacturers and Producers
with one of two goals:

to provide incentives or require production and installation of wind turbines or production of electricity from wind, or
facilitate the appropriate location of wind turbines.
Historically, incentives have come in the form of production or installation tax credits, grants, and renewable portfolio standards, at the federal, state, and local levels of government. Policy facilitating appropriate location has historically come in the form of local ordinances and permitting requirements.
Sparrenberg Castle, also known as the Sparrenburg (German: Burg und Festung Sparrenberg or Sparrenburg), is a restored fortress in the Bielefeld-Mitte district of Bielefeld, Germany. It is situated on the Sparrenberg hill (180 metres (590 ft) altitude) in the Teutoburg Forest and towers 60 metres (200 ft) above the city centre. Its current appearance mainly originated in the 16th and 19th century. The Sparrenburg is considered to be Bielefeld's landmark.
Sir Mordaunt Martin, 4th Baronet (c. 1740 – 24 September 1815) was son of Sir Roger Martin, 3rd Baronet and Sophia Mordaunt. He inherited his baronetcy from his father, who was the third Martin Baronet, upon his death in 1762. He lived in Burnham Market in Norfolk
Harold Howell Meredith "Drummer" Thomas (17 August 1883 – 10 February 1947) was a Welsh international forward who played club rugby for Swansea and Llanelli. He won just a single cap for Wales.
Maxilla Blue is an American hip-hop trio based out of Des Moines, Iowa, formed in 2006, consisting of the Emcee Ashphate Woodhavet, Turntablist, DJ TouchNice, and producer Aeon Grey.
Margaret of Bar (1220–1275) was a daughter of Henry II of Bar and his wife Philippa of Dreux. She was Countess of Luxembourg by her marriage to Henry V of Luxembourg. She is also known as Marguerite of Bar.
Lesa Lewis (born March 9, 1967) is an American professional female bodybuilder, nicknamed "Amazon".
General Stevens may refer to:

Clement H. Stevens (1821–1864), Confederate States Army brigadier general
Ebenezer Stevens (1751–1823), New York State Militia major general in the American Revolutionary War
Hestor L. Stevens (1803–1864), New York State Militia major general
Isaac Stevens (1818–1862), Union Army brigadier general posthumously promoted to major general
Jack Stevens (1896–1969), Australian Army major general
John Harvey Stevens (died 1866), Royal Marines major general
Joyce L. Stevens (fl. 1970s–2010s), U.S. Army major general
Walter H. Stevens (1827–1867), Confederate States Army brigadier general
William George Stevens (1893–1975), New Zealand Military Forces major general
The Henry Dinwoodey House, at 411 East 100 South, Salt Lake City, Utah, is a Late Victorian house that was designed by Richard Kletting, architect of the Utah State Capitol.  It was built in 1890 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The house exhibits characteristics of both Queen Anne Style architecture, with its asymmetrical facade and corner turret, and Romanesque Revival style, including rough-hewn stone, squat columns, and foliated carvings.
It was built as a home for Sara Kinersley, the third polygamous wife of Henry Dinwoodey, a Mormon.  It is historically significant mostly for its connection to Henry Dinwoodey, owner of a very successful furniture business in Utah and the broader Intermountain region.  Dinwoodey was jailed as a polygamist in the 1880s.
Three Village Central School District is a school district located on Long Island, New York. It serves Setauket, East Setauket, Stony Brook, Poquott, Head of the Harbor, Old Field, and small portions of Port Jefferson, Saint James, South Setauket, and Lake Grove. Its name came from the older, original "Three Villages" of Setauket, Stony Brook and Old Field after the merger of the Stony Brook and Setauket school districts in the 1960s. Ward Melville, a local philanthropist, was a proponent of the Three Village school district, and contributed land for its new schools.
The school district is renowned for its InSTAR program, a three-year science research program which produces record numbers of Regeneron Science Talent Search (formerly Intel STS) semifinalists. In 2008, the district's program produced 13 semifinalists, the most semifinalists from a single school in the entire nation.  The district's Intellectually Gifted (I.G.) program is housed at its Nassakeag Elementary School. The Three Village CSD has been represented at nationals for Science Olympiad and by various varsity sports teams.
The current Superintendent of Schools is Dr. Kevin Scanlon.
My Romance is a musical comedy in three acts with book and lyrics by Rowland Leigh, and music by Sigmund Romberg. It was produced on Broadway in 1948.
Qaha (Egyptian Arabic: قها  pronounced [ˈʔæhæ], from Coptic: ⲕⲁϩⲓ, lit. 'earth, ground') is a city in northeastern Egypt, located 25 km (18 mins) north of Cairo. It is located in the rich farmland of the southern part of the Nile Delta, and is well-irrigated by canals leading off the Delta Barrage.


Balão Mágico ("Magic Balloon") was a children's television program in Brazil that aired between 1983 and 1986. The children, who were the main stars of the program, were also part of a children's musical group, Turma do Balão Mágico ("The Magic Balloon Gang"), which was active between 1982 and 1986.
The show introduced the popular character Fofão.
Balão Mágico aired on Brazilian television network Rede Globo from 1983–1986. The show's success led to Fofão receiving a solo show after Balão Mágico ended in 1986.
Conservatorio Jesús Guridi is a music academy in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. It is called Jesús Guridi due to the famous Basque musician who was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz (Vitoria, Spain, 25 September 1886  – Madrid, 7 April 1961). The conservatory is located in Vitoria-Gasteiz, capital of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country. With a population of 220.000 citizens, the city has a very big cultural dynamism and a particular interest at the moment of offering different artistic and cultural activities. That is why the city contains a large number of museums and a complete programming of cultural events during the whole year, organized by the public institutions and the private leadership. Actually Jesús Guridi music conservatory occupies a very important place in the cultural life of the city.


Selmir Pidro (Bosnian pronunciation: [sělmiːr pîːdro]; born 3 March 1998) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Major League Soccer club St. Louis City and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
Pidro started his professional career at Sarajevo, who loaned him to Bosna Visoko in 2018. In 2022, he was unveiled as St. Louis City’s first signing in Major League Soccer.
A former youth international for Bosnia and Herzegovina, Pidro made his senior international debut in 2021.
Vidhu Ayyanna is an Indian cinematographer who predominantly works in the Tamil film industry.
The 5th Visual Effects Society Awards, given in Los Angeles on February 11, 2007, at the Kodak Grand Ballroom,  honored the best visual effects in film and television of 2006. An edited version of the awards were broadcast on HDNet.
Michael John Belfiore (born October 3, 1988) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Baltimore Orioles in 2013.
Belfiore attended Boston College where he was a first baseman and a pitcher. After being drafted by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 2009 Major League Baseball draft, Belfiore became a full-time pitcher. Belfiore has played professionally with the Missoula Osprey (2009), and the South Bend Silver Hawks (2010). He was a Pioneer League All-Star in 2009. He stands at 6 feet 2 inches (1.88 m) and weighs 220 pounds (100 kg). Belfiore bats right-handed, while throwing left.
Phyllophaga hamata is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae. It is found in North America.


The Tullahoma campaign (or Middle Tennessee campaign) was a military operation conducted from June 24 to July 3, 1863, by the Union Army of the Cumberland under Maj. Gen. William Rosecrans, and is regarded as one of the most brilliant maneuvers of the American Civil War. Its effect was to drive the Confederates out of Middle Tennessee and to threaten the strategic city of Chattanooga.
The Confederate Army of Tennessee under General Braxton Bragg occupied a strong defensive position in the mountains. But through a series of well-rehearsed feints, Rosecrans captured the key passes, helped by the use of the new seven-shot Spencer repeating rifle. The Confederates were handicapped by dissension between generals, as well as a lack of supplies, and soon had to abandon their headquarters at Tullahoma.
The campaign ended in the same week as the two historic Union victories at Gettysburg and Vicksburg, and Rosecrans complained that his achievement was overshadowed. However, Confederate casualties had been few, and Bragg's army soon received reinforcements that enabled it to defeat Rosecrans at the Battle of Chickamauga two months later.
Brigady 2 (Russian: Бригады № 2) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Politotdelskoye Rural Settlement, Nikolayevsky District, Volgograd Oblast, Russia. The population was 19 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Darkened Nocturn Slaughtercult is a German-Polish black metal band from Dormagen. They are considered to be a traditional black metal band, and as such has been interviewed in 2006 by the Franco-German TV network Arte.
The lead singer is female, which is rare in Black metal.
In November 2021, lead singer Onielar revealed she had been diagnosed with an aggressive form of breast cancer, resulting in the need for her to undergo lifesaving double Mastectomy surgery and chemotherapy.  She has since gone on to make a full recovery.
The Neyyar River is 56 km long river which flows through the Thiruvananthapuram district of Kerala in India. It flows from the Agastya Mala (Agastyarkoodam) in the Western Ghats. The town Neyyattinkara in Thiruvananthapuram district, is situated on the banks of the river, is named after this river. The river flows through the Neyyar wildlife sanctuary and into the Neyyar resorvoir. It then flows towards the west through the towns of Kallikkad, Kattakkada, Ottashekharamangalam, Keezharoor, Anavoor, Aruvipuram, Neyyantinkara and Thirupuram. The river then empties into the Arabian Sea at the Poovar estuary. Tributaries include the Kallar, Mullayar, and the Karavaliyar. It has several small canals along the river and the Neyyar Irrigation Project, "Neyyar Dam", is situated in this river. A safari park is located near the river. Neyyar river has been severely affected by sand mining.
The catchment area is mostly forested, command area is under mixed dry land crops such as coconut, tapioca, pepper, plantain, rice, etc.
The Concorde... Airport '79 is a 1979 American air disaster film (in the UK, it was released a year later as Airport '80: The Concorde) and the fourth and final installment of the Airport franchise. Although critically panned and earning poorly in North America, the film was a commercial success internationally, grossing a total of $65 million on a $14 million budget.
The film was directed by David Lowell Rich. The all-star cast includes George Kennedy, who appeared in all four films from the Airport series, and starring Alain Delon, Susan Blakely and Robert Wagner in the main roles.  Mercedes McCambridge and Martha Raye have cameos.
Shashikant Narsingrao Khedekar is Shiv Sena politician from Buldhana district, Maharashtra. He is a member of the 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly and represents the Sindkhed Raja Assembly Constituency.
Transfer learning (TL) is a technique in machine learning (ML) in which knowledge learned from a task is re-used in order to boost performance on a related task. For example, for image classification, knowledge gained while learning to recognize cars could be applied when trying to recognize trucks. This topic is related to the psychological literature on transfer of learning, although practical ties between the two fields are limited. Reusing/transferring information from previously learned tasks to new tasks has the potential to significantly improve learning efficiency.
Since transfer learning makes use of training with multiple objective functions it is related to cost-sensitive machine learning and multi-objective optimization.


Hy-Line International or Hy-Line is a multi-national genetics company that raises and sells commercial/industrial laying chickens. It is a subsidiary of the German EW Group. The firm has subsidiaries in multiple countries including Brazil, Japan, and the United Kingdom and has 60 distributors in more than 50 countries worldwide.
Krzykowice [kʂɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Wolbórz, 19 km (12 mi) north-east of Piotrków Trybunalski, and 41 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Brasovsky District (Russian: Бра́совский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-seven in Bryansk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the east of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,185 square kilometers (458 sq mi). Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Lokot. Population: 21,471 (2010 Census); 24,972 (2002 Census); 26,873 (1989 Soviet census). The population of Lokot accounts for 46.7% of the district's total population.
The short-tailed spiny-rat (Proechimys brevicauda) or Huallaga spiny rat, is a spiny rat species found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
Barrow Street is an annual American poetry magazine founded in 1998 and based in New York City. The small journal publishes prominent poets and its poems have been reprinted in anthologies such as The Best American Poetry series.
Some of the poets whose work has appeared in the magazine include Kim Addonizio, Billy Collins, David Lehman, Richard Lehnert, Jeffrey Levine, Robert Wrigley and Rachel Zucker.
The editors also run Barrow Street Press, a small literary nonprofit press with annual book contests for both poetry and prose.
The most recent issue of Barrow Street was published in Winter 2022/2023.
"Rebel Rebel" is a song by the English singer-songwriter David Bowie. It was released in the UK on 15 February 1974 by RCA Records as the lead single from the album Diamond Dogs. Written and produced by Bowie, the song is based around a distinctive guitar riff reminiscent of the Rolling Stones. Cited as his most-covered track, "Rebel Rebel" has been described as Bowie's farewell to the glam rock movement that he had helped initiate, as well as being a proto-punk track. Two versions of the song were recorded: the well-known UK single release and the shorter US single release, which featured added background vocals, extra percussion and a new arrangement.
Upon its release, the song was a commercial success, peaking at number five on the UK Singles Chart and number 64 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song received critical acclaim for its central guitar riff and strength as a glam anthem. Several publications consider it to be one of Bowie's greatest songs. It was performed live by Bowie during many of his concert tours and since appeared on many compilation albums. It was remastered in 2016 as part of the Who Can I Be Now? (1974–1976) box set.


See:

Ice hockey in Canada
Ice hockey in Mexico
Ice hockey in the United States
Category:Ice hockey in North America by country
Half Way Battery was an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. The battery was on the coast on the eastern side of the isthmus just north of Europa Point Lighthouse. In 1859 there were two guns.
Tanvir (also spelled Tanbir, Tanveer, Tanweer, Tanver or Tanwir) (Arabic: تنوير, romanised: Tanweer; Pashto/Persian/Urdu: تنویر, romanised: Tanveer; Bengali: তানবীর, romanised: Tanbeer) is a unisex given name and surname, derived from Arabic تنوير meaning 'enlightenment', also derived from Hindi and Punjabi languages in India meaning 'strong in body, brave from body'.
A national rifle team is a traveling competitive marksmanship team from a country.  Several countries field a national rifle team, such as Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Great Britain, Greece, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Russia, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United States. Competitions are often a week long and have international participants.
The National Rifle Team match was also the name of a competition held in the United States beginning in 1902 and often had international participation.
Takushoku University Hokkaido Junior College (拓殖大学北海道短期大学, Takushoku Daigaku Hokkaido Tanki Daigakubu) is a private junior college in Fukagawa, Hokkaidō, Japan. It was established in 1966.
"The Otherside" is a song by the American rock band Red Sun Rising. It was released on August 7, 2015 on their third album Polyester Zeal as the lead single.
A facón is a fighting and utility knife widely used in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay as the principal tool and weapon of the gaucho of the South American pampas.  Often fitted with an elaborately decorated metal hilt and sheath, the facón has a large, heavy blade measuring from 25 cm (10 in.) to 51 cm (20 in.) in length.
Ruslan Ramilevich Kausarov (Russian: Руслан Рамилевич Каусаров; born 11 June 1996) is a Russian football player.
Johann van Zyl (born 2 February 1991) is a South African former racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2013 and 2020 for Team Dimension Data, 303Project and Team Skyline. He rode at the 2013 UCI Road World Championships, and was named in the start list for the 2015 Vuelta a España and the 2016 Giro d'Italia.
After retiring from professional cycling, van Zyl became a coach with Catalyst Coaching.
Leonid Andriyovych Baranovskyi (Ukrainian: Леонід Андрійович Барановський; 15 July 1953 – 8 December 2013) was a Ukrainian footballer who primarily played as a midfielder.
Leonid Baranovskyi died following a long illness on 8 December 2013, aged 60, in Odesa, Ukraine.
A ball bearing is a type of rolling-element bearing that uses balls to maintain the separation between the bearing races.
The purpose of a ball bearing is to reduce rotational friction and support radial and axial loads. It achieves this by using at least two races to contain the balls and transmit the loads through the balls. In most applications, one race is stationary and the other is attached to the rotating assembly (e.g., a hub or shaft). As one of the bearing races rotates it causes the balls to rotate as well. Because the balls are rolling, they have a much lower coefficient of friction than if two flat surfaces were sliding against each other.
Ball bearings tend to have lower load capacity for their size than other kinds of rolling-element bearings due to the smaller contact area between the balls and races. However, they can tolerate some misalignment of the inner and outer races.
Common ball bearing designs include angular contact, axial, deep-groove, and preloaded pairs. The balls in ball bearings can also be configured in various ways. Ball bearings are used in a wide range of applications, some of which include skateboards and centrifugal pumps.
Methanol toxicity (also methanol poisoning) is poisoning from methanol, characteristically via ingestion. Symptoms may include a decreased level of consciousness, poor or no coordination, vomiting, abdominal pain, and a specific smell on the breath. Decreased vision may start as early as twelve hours after exposure. Long-term outcomes may include blindness and kidney failure. Blindness may occur after drinking as little as 10 mL; death may occur after drinking quantities over 15 mL (median 100 mL, varies depending on body weight).
Methanol poisoning most commonly occurs following the drinking of windshield washer fluid. This may be accidental or as part of an attempted suicide. Toxicity may also rarely occur through extensive skin exposure or breathing in fumes. When methanol is broken down by the body it results in formaldehyde, formic acid, and formate which cause much of the toxicity. The diagnosis may be suspected when there is acidosis or an increased osmol gap and confirmed by directly measuring blood levels. Other conditions that can produce similar symptoms include infections, exposure to other toxic alcohols, serotonin syndrome, and diabetic ketoacidosis.
Early treatment increases the chance of a good outcome. Treatment consists of stabilizing the person, followed by the use of an antidote. The preferred antidote is fomepizole, with ethanol used if this is not available. Hemodialysis may also be used in those where there is organ damage or a high degree of acidosis. Other treatments may include sodium bicarbonate, folate, and thiamine.
Outbreaks of methanol ingestion have occurred due to contamination of drinking alcohol. This is more common in the developing world. In 2013 more than 1700 cases occurred in the United States. Those affected are usually adult and male. Toxicity to methanol has been described as early as 1856.
Sky Blue Sky is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Wilco, released on May 15, 2007 by Nonesuch Records. Originally announced on January 17, 2007 at a show in Nashville, Tennessee, it was the band's first studio album with guitarist Nels Cline and multi-instrumentalist Pat Sansone. Before its release, the band streamed the entire album on its official website and offered a free download of "What Light".


"Baby Doll" is a song written by Mårten Eriksson, Lina Eriksson and Susie Päivärinta. The song was performed in the second semifinal of Melodifestivalen 2012 by the Top Cats. From Andra chansen the song made it to the finals inside the Stockholm Globe Arewna, where it ended up 6th.
On 22 April 2012, the song entered Svensktoppen.
Altes Stadthaus in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, is an office block which was built in 1899, and was designed by "master builder" Friedrich Kullrich (a German architect, urban planner and construction officer from Berlin). It was built in the Renaissance Revival architecture (Neo-Renaissance) style. After the office block was severely damaged in World War II, it was rebuilt in a simplified form.
At the top of the gable is an eagle emblem, representing the city of Dortmund. The façades are made of Old or New Red Sandstone and the lateral parts have plastered surfaces. Kullrich said that the Stadthaus was in the shape of Altes Rathaus. The Stadthaus is a short distance from Alter Markt, which houses the Rathaus on the south. The Rathaus was restored shortly after the Stadthaus was built, under the direction of the Commissioner of City Planning, for the City of Imperial visit to Dortmund in 1899. A new hall was built in 2002 (the Berswordt Hall), at Peace Square in Dortmund. Directly opposite of Peace Square is the Rathaus (town hall). The Berswordt Hall includes citizen services, a café and a shop, and was named after the Berswordt, one of the oldest families in Dortmund, who were first mentioned in 1249. The Stadthaus is mainly used by the Dortmund city administration, and has been since it was built. The office block is listed on the Denkmalliste der Stadt Dortmund (Monument list of Dortmund), which contains 1,015 monuments, many of them being listed buildings.
The 103rd Regiment of Foot was a line infantry unit of the British Army. Though only existing for just over 10 years, the regiment would see more action than most of its 100-series regiments.
Robert Gibbons (born October 4, 1946) is an American poet, prose writer, and editor.
Alıçlıseki or Aluçluseki is a village in the Zara District of Sivas Province in Turkey. It is populated by Kurds and had a population of 41 in 2023.
Feistritztal is since 2015 a municipality in Hartberg-Fürstenfeld District in Styria, Austria.
The municipality was founded as part of the Styria municipal structural reform,
on 31 December 2014, from the dissolved independent municipalities Blaindorf, Kaibing, Sankt Johann bei Herberstein and Siegersdorf bei Herberstein (all in political District Hartberg-Fürstenfeld), plus Hirnsdorf (in political Weiz District).
The border of the Hartberg-Fürstenfeld District and Weiz District was altered, that the new municipality lies completely in Hartberg-Fürstenfeld District.
Farewell Love! (Italian: Addio, amore!) is a 1943 Italian historical drama film directed by Gianni Franciolini and starring Jacqueline Laurent, Clara Calamai and Roldano Lupi. It is based on the 1890 novel of the same title by Matilde Serao.
It was shot at the Scalera Studios in Rome. The film's sets were designed by the art director Gastone Medin.
Gangarides is a genus of moths of the family Notodontidae described by Frederic Moore in 1866.
On 18 March 2014, a car loaded with explosives detonated outside the Hotel Amalo in Buloburde, Somalia, which was used by African Union and Somali troops who had captured the town from Al-Shabaab a week earlier. Gunfire was reported to have followed for five hours, the car bombing having occurred around 02:00 local time (23:00 UTC). At least 27 people were killed in the attack.
Shemokmedi (Georgian: შემოქმედი) is a village in the Ozurgeti Municipality, Guria, Georgia. It is located in western Georgia, on the Bzhuzhi river, at elevation of 190 m above sea level, 7 km east of the city of Ozurgeti. The village is home to the late medieval Shemokmedi Monastery.
Philip Squires (born 18 June 1939) is an Australian cricketer. He played in one first-class match for South Australia in 1962/63.
This article lists the largest companies of Brazil in terms of their revenue, net profit and total assets, according to the American business magazines Fortune and Forbes.
Caicara de Maturín is the capital of the municipality of Cedeño in the state of Monagas in Venezuela. It is located in the western part of the Monagas state, northeast of the city of Punta de Mata. It was founded on April 20, 1731. It has approximately a little less than 20,000 inhabitants.
Shaunard Trudell Harts (born August 4, 1978) is a former American football safety in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 2001 to 2004. Born and raised in Pittsburg, California; Shaunard excelled at basketball and football while attending Pittsburg High School. Although he played as a safety at Boise State and in the NFL, Shaunard starred as a wide receiver in high school. He was drafted in the 7th round of the 2001 NFL draft, as was fellow Pittsburg native, Joe Tafoya.
Sean Thomas Clancy (born 16 September 1987) is an English footballer who plays as either a left back or left midfielder. He is the brother of model Abbey Clancy, who is married to fellow footballer Peter Crouch.
Lüttow-Valluhn is a municipality  in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Kristofer Straub (born January 17, 1979) is an American web cartoonist, performer, and content creator. His key web comic projects include Checkerboard Nightmare, Starslip, Chainsawsuit, Broodhollow, and F Chords. Other notable projects include the creepypasta "Candle Cove" as well as collaborations with Scott Kurtz ("Blamimations"), Paul Verhoeven ("28 Plays Later"), and Penny Arcade ("Strip Search", "Kris and Scott's Scott and Kris Show," "Acquisitions Incorporated: The C-Team"). 
He wrote and produced the YouTube analog horror series Local 58 between October 26, 2015, to November 22, 2022. He also works with Penny Arcade in graphic design, as well as co-hosting the PAX gaming conventions and appearing in their collaborations with Wizards of the Coast and Chaosium, Inc.
Honoratus Halling (14 November 1819 – 9 April 1886) was a Norwegian priest, magazine editor and non-fiction writer.
He was born at Odalen (now Nord-Odal) in Hedmark, Norway.  He was the son of parish priest Peter Herman Halling (1777–1825) and Nikoline Moe (1787–1865). He took a theological degree at the University of Christiania in 1843 and subsequently held various clerical positions. In 1858, he was a parish priest at Horten in Vestfold. He became mayor of Horten, but resigned after a year. He was priest of Lom in Oppland (1864-1875) and took the same position in Østre Aker (1875-1885).
During the mid 1800s, he resided in the Enerhaugen neighborhood of Christiania (now Oslo).
He started the magazine For Fattig og Riig in 1848, which he edited from 1848 to 1855. He founded the organization Samfundet paa Enerhougen in 1850. Among his books are En liden Postille for Børn from 1846, and Husandagtsbog from 1860.
He was married in 1844 to Fredrikke Petrine Weyergang (1820-1860). After her death, he married Marie Henrikke Bomhoff (1837-1907). He was the father of Sigurd Halling, grandfather of Else Halling, and uncle of Louis Moe. He died in the neighborhood of Ljan in Oslo, Norway during 1886.
Katharine Davies (born 1968) is a British writer of romance novels. For her debut novel, A Good Voyage, she won the Romantic Novel of the Year Award by Romantic Novelists' Association sponsored by FosterGrant Reading Glasses.
Two-man bobsleigh at the 1964 Winter Olympics took place on 31 January and 1 February at Bob und Rodelbahn Igls, Innsbruck, Austria. This event was last run at the 1956 Winter Olympics as bobsleigh was not part of the 1960 games.
The winning athletes were those who posted the shortest total time over four separate runs. British duo Anthony NashRobin Thomas Dixon took gold, the first medal of any kind on this event for Great Britain. Taking silver and bronze were the two Italian crews.
Polygrammodes fenestrata is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Eugene G. Munroe in 1958. It is found in Veracruz, Mexico.
William Dwight Whitney (February 9, 1827 – June 7, 1894) was an American linguist, philologist, and lexicographer known for his work on Sanskrit grammar and Vedic philology as well as his influential view of language as a social institution. He was the first president of the American Philological Association and editor-in-chief of The Century Dictionary.
The Ministry of Power, Energy and Mineral Resources (Bengali: বিদ্যুৎ, জ্বালানি ও খনিজ সম্পদ মন্ত্রণালয়; Bidyuṯ, jbālāni ō khanija sampada mantraṇālaẏa) (abbreviated as MPEMR) or Ministry of Energy is a ministry of the Government of Bangladesh. It is mainly responsible for all policies and matters relating to electricity generation, transmission, and distribution from conventional and non-conventional energy sources including hydro electricity. It also deals with the Import, Distribution, Exploration, Extraction, Pricing, and other policy related details of the primary fuels.
The MPEMR has two Divisions headed by two secretaries:

Power Division
Energy and Mineral Resources Division


Vera Markovna Karelina (née Markova; Russian: Вера Марковна Карелина; 1870–1931) was a Russian labour activist and revolutionary, one of the leaders of the Georgy Gapon's Assembly of Russian Factory and Mill Workers of St. Petersburg and the Bloody Sunday procession.
Erebus macrops, the common owl-moth, is a species of moth of the family Erebidae first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1768. It is found in the subtropical regions of Africa and Asia. The wingspan is about 12 cm, making it exceptionally large for an Erebidae species. The larvae feed on Acacia and Entada species.
Downie's Loup is a waterfall of Scotland located near the village of Gargunnock.
Epidemiology and Psychiatric Sciences is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering psychiatry and epidemiology. It was established in 1992 as Epidemiologia e Psichiatria Sociale, obtaining its current name in 2011. The founding editor-in-chief was Michele Tansella, and the current one is Corrado Barbui (University of Verona). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2022 impact factor of 8.1, ranking it 11th out of 144 journals in the category "Psychiatry" on the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) edition and 16th out of 155 journals on the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) edition.
Zahora may refer to:

Zahora (plant), a genus of flowering plants
Zahora, Lviv Oblast, a village in Zolochiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine
Zahora, Rivne Oblast, a village in Rivne Raion, Rivne Oblast, Ukraine
Dario Zahora, Croatian football player


William Pond Baker (born June 14, 1940) is an American businessman and politician who served two terms as a United States Congressman from California from 1993 to 1997.
Why Cheat India? is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language black comedy crime film written and directed by Soumik Sen.  It features Emraan Hashmi and Shreya Dhanwanthary in the lead roles. The film was theatrically released on 18 January 2019. It received mixed reviews and was a box office bomb grossing just ₹86.6 million against its ₹200 million budget.
Piątkowiec [pjɔntˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Wadowice Górne, 7 km (4 mi) west of Mielec, and 54 km (34 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Sander Arends and David Pel were the defending champions but only Pel chose to defend his title, partnering Gijs Brouwer. Pel lost in the first round to Jérôme Kym and Joel Schwärzler.
Romain Arneodo and Sam Weissborn won the title after defeating Constantin Frantzen and Hendrik Jebens 6–4, 6–2 in the final.
Lubostronie [lubɔsˈtrɔɲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Barwice, 24 km (15 mi) west of Szczecinek, and 122 km (76 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Laurence Walter Meynell (9 August 1899 – 14 April 1989) was the English author of over 150 books, who wrote also as Valerie Baxter, Robert Eton, Geoffrey Ludlow and A. Stephen Tring.
John Richardson Thurman (October 6, 1814 – July 24, 1854) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Born in New York City, Thurman graduated from Columbia University in 1835. He moved to Chestertown, Warren County and engaged in agricultural pursuits. He was also involved in several businesses, including serving as a Director of the Sacket's Harbor and Saratoga Railroad. He also speculated in land, as evidenced by the fact that his widow and children sold some of their holdings to the Delaware and Hudson Railroad during its construction.
He held several local offices, including Associate Judge of the Warren County Court.
Thurman was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-first Congress (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1851). He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1850. After leaving Congress Thurman returned to managing his farm and other interests.
He died at his home near Friends Lake in Chestertown on July 24, 1854. He was originally interred in the family cemetery, before being reinterred in Oakwood Cemetery, Troy, New York.
M-85, also known as Fort Street or Fort Road for its entire length, is a state trunkline highway in the U.S. state of Michigan. The highway serves several Downriver suburbs of Detroit, as well as neighborhoods in the city itself. From its southern terminus at exit 28 on Interstate 75 (I-75) to its second interchange with exit 43 on I-75 in southwest Detroit, M-85 is part of the Lake Erie Circle Tour. In between, it serves mostly residential areas running parallel to a pair of rail lines; the highway carries between 5,000 and 43,000 vehicles per day on average. Once in the city of Detroit, Fort Street runs parallel to I-75 for several miles before they separate near the Ambassador Bridge. The northern end of M-85 is at the intersection with Griswold Street in downtown Detroit, one block away from Campus Martius Park.
Two previous unrelated highways bore the M-85 designation. The first was in Montcalm County and the second near Caro. These uses were retired in the 1930s and the 1940s, respectively. The current M-85 was created in 1956 after the construction of the Detroit-Toledo Freeway; the original northern end was at an intersection with US Highway 25 (US 25) in downtown. The northern end was truncated in the late 1960s to the northern junction with I-75. The highway was then extended back into downtown Detroit in the first year of the 21st century.
Ranomafana is a rural municipality in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Taolanaro, which is a part of Anosy Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 11,000 in 2001 commune census.
Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. The majority 75% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 20% receives their livelihood from raising livestock. The most important crops are coffee and rice, while other important agricultural products are lychee and cassava. Services provide employment for 3% of the population. Additionally fishing employs 2% of the population.
Mount Chilalo is an isolated, extinct silicic stratovolcano in southeastern Ethiopia. Its highest point (4036 m or 13,241 ft a.s.l.), in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, is located in Arsi Mountains National Park on the border between the Hitosa and Tiyo woreda (07°55′N 39°16′E).
The mountain has an elliptical base (about 30 by 20 kilometers), whose major axis lies NNE-SSW or parallel to the predominant tectonic trend. Chilalo rises with gentle slopes for more than 1500 meters from the top of the plateau. At the summit, there is a large, almost circular caldera about 6 kilometers in diameter, whose southern rim is considered to be the mountain's summit. Mount Chilalo last erupted in the Pleistocene.
One authority identifies Mount Chilalo as a late Trap Series volcano. The geologist Erik Nilsson claimed to have identified traces of glaciation on Chilalo, as well as on its neighbor Mount Kaka down to about 3400 meters, which he dated to the "Last Pluvial Period". Although this mountain is located south of the East African Rift, along with Mount Gugu to the north and Mount Kaka to the south, it is considered, geologically speaking, part of the Ethiopian Highlands.


The Ursa Major Arc or UMa Arc is a faint arc of gas seen in the constellation of Ursa Major, about 60° diameter and 30° long. It exists as compressed, energized interstellar gas about 600 light years away and probably formed by supernova explosion about 100,000 years ago. It was discovered accidentally in images from the Galaxy Evolution Explorer, identified as ultraviolet emissions. It is too faint to be seen except with special equipment.
The Hetaireia (Greek: Ἑταιρεία, translit. Hetaireía, Byzantine Greek pronunciation: [(h)e.teˈri.a], Latinized as hetaeria) was a term for a corps of bodyguards during the Byzantine Empire.
Thăng Bình () is a rural district (huyện) of Quảng Nam province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam. As of 2003 the district had a population of 186,964. The district covers an area of 385 km2 (149 sq mi). The district capital lies at Hà Lam.
Berkswich is a civil parish in the Borough of Stafford, Staffordshire, England.  It contains eight listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest".  The parish contains the village of Milford, and Baswich, a suburb of the town of Stafford.  The Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal passes through the parish, and the listed buddings associated with this are two accommodation bridges and an aqueduct.  The other listed buildings are a timber framed cottage, a large house, a road bridge, a smithy, and a pair of lodges at the entrance to Shugborough Park.
Maurice Richard Povich (born January 17, 1939) is an American former television personality, best known for hosting the tabloid talk show Maury which aired from 1991 to 2022. Povich began his career as a radio reporter, initially at WWDC and later as host of a daytime Washington DC talk show Panorama. In the late 1980s, he gained national fame as the host of tabloid infotainment TV show A Current Affair, based at Fox's New York flagship station WNYW. In 1991 he co-produced his own show The Maury Povich Show, which in 1998 was rebranded as Maury.


Calliotropis ceratophora is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eucyclidae.
The Bermuda women's national cricket team represents the British overseas territory of Bermuda in international women's cricket matches. The team made its international debut in 2006 and qualified for the 2008 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier, but has played no international matches since 2012.
Kolvanaq (Persian: كلوانق) is a city in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan province, Iran.
This article lists the squads for the 2020 COSAFA Women's Championship, the 8th edition of the COSAFA Women's Championship. The tournament is a women's international football tournament for national teams organised by COSAFA, teams from Southern Africa, and was held in Nelson Mandela Bay from 3 to 14 November 2020. In the tournament were involved ten national teams: nine teams from COSAFA and Tanzania, who were invited as guests. Each national team registered a squad of 20 players.
The age listed for each player is on 3 November 2020, the first day of the tournament. The numbers of caps and goals listed for each player do not include any matches played after the start of tournament. The club listed is the club for which the player last played a competitive match prior to the tournament. The nationality for each club reflects the national association (not the league) to which the club is affiliated. A flag is included for coaches that are of a different nationality than their own national team.
Spot is a fictional puppy created by Eric Hill, an English author and illustrator of children's picture books. The success of Hill's books about Spot led to other media productions, including television and home video titles, music albums, and CD-ROM titles.
Peter Adams may refer to:

Peter Adams (politician) (1936–2018), Canadian politician and former Liberal Member of Canada's House of Commons
Peter Adams (actor) (1938–1999), New Zealand-born actor on Australian television
Peter Adams (diplomat) (born 1944), former New Zealand ambassador to China
Peter Adams (British governor), former magistrate of Anguilla
Peter Adams, guitarist in Xero
Peter Adams (Australian footballer) (born 1964), Australian rules footballer
Peter Bradley Adams, folk-pop Americana singer-songwriter
Peter Seitz Adams (born 1950), American artist
Pete Adams (1951–2019), American football guard
Simon Fraser (born March 27, 1983) is a former American football defensive end. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Ohio State.
Fraser has also played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Fraser graduated from the Ohio University Heritage College of Osteopathic Medicine in 2015. Fraser became a surgical resident in Columbus, Ohio.
Derek Sullivan (born 1976) is a contemporary visual artist from Toronto, Ontario. Sullivan’s multidisciplinary practice employs drawing, sculpture, book works, and installation to engage with the legacy of modernist art and design. He is currently an Assistant Professor in Sculpture/Installation at OCAD University.
Samuel Levinson (born January 8, 1985) is an American filmmaker and actor. He is the son of Academy Award-winning director Barry Levinson. In 2010, he received his first writing credit as a co-writer for the action comedy film Operation: Endgame. The following year, he made his directorial film debut with Another Happy Day (2011), which premiered at Sundance Film Festival. He then received a writing credit on his father's HBO television film The Wizard of Lies (2017). He continued writing and directing for the feature films Assassination Nation (2018) and Malcolm & Marie (2021). 
In 2019, Levinson created the HBO teen drama series Euphoria which was adapted from the Israeli series of the same name. The series is popular with audiences and received positive reviews from critics. In 2023, he created the HBO series The Idol, which was controversial and received negative reviews.


KYOX "the Ox"  is a radio station airing a country music format licensed to Comanche, Texas, broadcasting on 94.3 MHz FM. The station is owned by Robert Elliott, Jr., through licensee Villecom LLC.
The National Emblem of the People's Republic of China is a national symbol of the People's Republic of China and contains in a red circle a representation of Tiananmen Gate, the entrance gate to the Forbidden City, where Mao Zedong declared the foundation of the People's Republic of China (PRC) in 1949. Above this representation are the five stars found on the national flag. The largest star represents the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), while the four smaller stars represent the four revolutionary social classes as defined in Maoism. The emblem is described as being "composed of patterns of the national flag": 

...The red color of the flag symbolizes revolution and the yellow color of the stars the golden brilliant rays radiating from the vast red land. The design of four smaller stars surrounding a bigger one signifies the unity of the Chinese people under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
—China Yearbook 2004

The outer border of the red circle shows sheaves of wheat and the inner sheaves of rice, which together represent agricultural workers. At the center of the bottom portion of the border is a cog-wheel that represents industrial workers.
According to The Description of the National Emblem of the People's Republic of China (中华人民共和国国徽图案说明), these elements taken together symbolise the revolutionary struggles of the Chinese people since the May Fourth Movement and the coalition of the proletariat which succeeded in founding the People's Republic of China.
Stings is the third studio album by English musician Kamaal Williams, released on 27 September 2023 under Black Focus Records.
Eucalyptus youmanii, commonly known as Youman's stringybark, is a species of small to medium-sized tree that is endemic to eastern Australia. It has rough, stringy bark on the trunk and branches, lance-shaped or curved adult leaves, flower buds in groups of seven, white flowers and hemispherical fruit.
Mizuuchi (written: 水内) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Kiyomitsu Mizuuchi (水内 清光, born 1960), Japanese voice actor
Kiyoshi Mizuuchi (水内 潔), Japanese biochemist
Takeshi Mizuuchi (水内 猛, born 1972), Japanese footballer
Victoire Rasoamanarivo (1848 – 21 August 1894) was a Catholic woman from Madagascar who devoted her life to the poor and the sick. She looked after their needs and spent her free time in prayer.
She was beatified in 1989 after a miracle was attributed to her intercession and her sainthood cause still continues. Another miracle is needed before she can be canonized.
Tharad is one of the 182 Legislative Assembly constituencies of Gujarat state in India. It is part of Banaskantha district and comes under Banaskantha Lok Sabha constituency for national elections. It came into existence after 2008 delimitation.
Pitcairnia kunhardtiana is a species of flowering plant in the family Bromeliaceae, endemic to Venezuela. It was first described by Lyman Bradford Smith in 1957.
Baron Ebury, of Ebury Manor in the County of Middlesex, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom that dates from 1857. In 1999, it became a subsidiary title of the earldom of Wilton after the 6th Baron Ebury inherited the earldom from his distant cousin, the 7th Earl of Wilton.
The Clokes refers to a sporting dynasty in the sport of Australian rules football.
HMS Pellew (F62) was one of a dozen Blackwood-class frigate (also known as the Type 14 class) of second-rate anti-submarine frigates built for the Royal Navy in the 1950s. She was named for Israel Pellew, who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. He was brother to Edward Pellew, 1st Viscount Exmouth
Sarah Ann Brock Putnam (March 18, 1831 – March 22, 1911), also known by her pen name Virginia Madison, was an American author, best known for her memoir Richmond During the War; Four Years of Personal Observation.
Panzer VI can refer to three different German tanks: 

Krupp PzKpfw NbFz VI, one of the Neubaufahrzeug prototype tanks
Panzer VIE, or Tiger I
Panzer VIB, or Tiger II
| Type of Vehicle = Tank Model
Ville di Fiemme is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Trentino in the Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. It was established on 1 January 2020 with the merger of the municipalities of Carano, Daiano and Varena.
The Hiawatha is an American paddlewheel river boat. The vessel has a maximum capacity of 3 crew members and 117 passengers.
David Dragojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Давид Драгојевић; born 7 September 1988) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a defender.
The Baltic Sea Region Programme 2007–2013 (alias INTERREG IV B programme for the Baltic Sea region) is a support programme part-financed by the European Union and Norway. It is one of the mainstream Structural Funds programmes under the European Community's territorial co-operation objective. The Programme will support transnational projects working together for balanced and sustainable development of the European territory.
John de Borman (born 1954 in Paris) is a French born British cinematographer.
Ayr railway may refer to:

Ayr to Mauchline Branch; in Scotland
Ayr and Dalmellington Railway; in Scotland
Ayr and Maybole Junction Railway; in Scotland
Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock and Ayr Railway; in Scotland
Ayr Corporation Tramways; streetcar line in Scotland
Kara Kara was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria from 1877 to 1927 and 1955 to 1976. It was based in north-western Victoria and included the subdivisions of Donald, Charlton, Minyip, Murtoa, St. Arnaud, Wedderburn, Inglewood, Dunnolly, Landsborough, Avoca, Maryborough and Carisbrook. It was abolished in 1976 and replaced by the electoral district of Ripon.
Colobothea sexualis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Casey in 1913. It is known from Mexico and Honduras.
Affairs Today was a global student-run online business and politics newspaper aimed at university students around the world. It mainly focused on international political developments and global economics although it also produced career, travel and lifestyle articles. Its principal audience was university students and was mostly read in the United Kingdom. Affairs Today had no particular political inclination as it attempted to be a platform where highly engaged students could voice their opinions regardless of their stance on the matters they wrote about. As such, a wide and diverse range of views could be found on Affairs Today. The thought behind this unusual editorial guideline was that readers would be challenged by the views of their peers and as a result engage with and learn from the articles published on Affairs Today. In terms of style, Affairs Today sought to emulate the journalistic standards of long-established publications such as the Financial Times and The Economist.
Affairs Today was operated by more than 100 staffers based in over 15 different countries around the world. Every member of the staff had to be a university student. As the founders moved on from their studies to their respective careers, they decided to close Affairs Today in March 2017. A part of the editorial staff went on to found a news outlet of their own known as Pynx Media, which was discontinued in 2018.
"Growin' Up" is a song by American musician Bruce Springsteen from his 1973 album Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J..
It is a moderately paced tune, concerning an adolescence as a rebellious New Jersey teen, with lyrics written in the first-person.  The lyrics feature a chorus that is progressively modified as the song continues, with the first chorus being "I hid in the clouded wrath of the crowd but when they said 'Sit down,' I stood up," while the second chorus switches to "clouded warmth...'come down,' I threw up" and the third finishes the song with "mother breast...'pull down,' I pulled up."
An acoustic version of the song, part of Springsteen's 1972 audition for CBS Records, appears on Tracks,  18 Tracks, and Chapter and Verse.
During the Born to Run tours and following Darkness Tour, Springsteen often performed an extended version of this song, extending it with a long, sometimes exaggerated and/or fictional biographical narration of his youth and his passion for guitar playing.
The song was featured on the  soundtracks of the films Big Daddy (1999) and Gracie (2007).
David Bowie recorded a version of this song in the early stages of the Diamond Dogs sessions with Ronnie Wood on lead guitar. In 1990 this was released as a bonus track on the Rykodisc reissue of his Pin Ups album, and in 2004 it appeared on the bonus disc of the 30th anniversary edition of Diamond Dogs. The song has also been covered by Any Trouble, John Hammond, Jr., Portastatic and Alvin Stardust. Pearl Jam and The Bouncing Souls have also played it live.


Arnarvatnsheiði (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈa(r)tnarˌvasːˌheiːðɪ]) is a plateau in the west of Iceland. It belongs to the Highlands of Iceland.
It is situated to the north-east of the valley Reykholsdalur and the town Húsafell and to the north of the glacier Langjökull.
The region is very well known for the multitude of lakes with fishing in the summer. On the other hand, climate is rather rough like in the rest of the Highlands of Iceland.
To the southwest of Arnarvatnsheiði, there are the lava caves Surtshellir. In former times, outlaws used to live there. It was then common in Iceland to exclude people from society when they had committed crimes.
The Adelaide was a British ship which was wrecked in a storm on 19 December 1850, off Laxe, 32 miles west of A Coruña, Spain, carrying 17 passengers and crew, bound for the West Indies. It is recorded as "Memorial M3147" on the "Maritime Memorials" database of the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich. An illustration of the plan of the ship is shown as folio 90 in Hilhouse Draughts, in 1950 in the possession of Charles Hill & Sons, shipbuilders at Bristol.
Minconsult is a private limited engineering consultancy in Malaysia. Established in 1962, the company specializes in multi-disciplinary engineering and project management. Capable of providing a wide range of engineering consultancy services in the civil & structural, mechanical, electrical, petrochemical and environmental fields. Minconsult have since established foreign offices in Pakistan, Australia, Kazakshtan and Bangladesh.
Minconsult is known for their major involvement in the Malaysian energy industry; they have designed a good percentage of power plants constructed in Malaysia.
Dato' Ir. Dr. Dennis Ganendra was the first Chief Executive  Officer of the company in its 60-year history, and is the Executive Director.
Below is a list and summary of some of the deleted state highways (i.e., those with no current routing) as outlined by the Texas Department of Transportation designation files, indicated by having zero current mileage.
The Mundaring Branch Railway is a historical section of the original Eastern Railway main line across the Darling Scarp in the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) system.
The 1936 Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded to the American playwright Eugene O'Neill (1888–1953) "for the power, honesty and deep-felt emotions of his dramatic works, which embody an original concept of tragedy". The prize was awarded in 1937. He is the second American to become a literature laureate after Sinclair Lewis in 1930.
The Charkot Bugt Formation is a geologic formation in Greenland. It preserves fossils dating back to the Jurassic period.
"BxMxC" (pronounced "bee-em-see") is a song by Japanese heavy metal band Babymetal. First released as part of the Japan Complete edition of Metal Galaxy in 2019, the song made its international release as a digital single on October 9, 2020.
Winton East is a ward in Bournemouth, Dorset. Since 2019, the ward has elected 2 councillors to Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council.
Khomutovka (Russian: Хомутовка) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

Urban localities
Khomutovka, Kursk Oblast, a work settlement in Khomutovsky District of Kursk Oblast
Rural localities
Khomutovka, Republic of Bashkortostan, a village in Demsky Selsoviet of Bizhbulyaksky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan
Khomutovka, Bryansk Oblast, a village in Mishkovsky Selsoviet of Starodubsky District of Bryansk Oblast
Khomutovka, Sverdlovsk Oblast, a village under the administrative jurisdiction of the City of Pervouralsk, Sverdlovsk Oblast
Khomutovka, Kimovsky District, Tula Oblast, a village in Pokrovsky Rural Okrug of Kimovsky District of Tula Oblast
Khomutovka, Leninsky District, Tula Oblast, a village in Varfolomeyevsky Rural Okrug of Leninsky District of Tula Oblast
Khomutovka, Tyoplo-Ogaryovsky District, Tula Oblast, a village in Gorkovsky Rural Okrug of Tyoplo-Ogaryovsky District of Tula Oblast
Khomutovka, Voronezh Oblast, a selo in Novogolyelanskoye Rural Settlement of Gribanovsky District of Voronezh Oblast
A sexual slur is a term of disparagement used to refer to members of a given gender, sex, or sexual orientation in a derogatory or pejorative manner. The motivation for using a sexual slur is often sexism and/or bias against a sexual orientation or practice.
Many sexual slurs are used in a wide range of contexts outside of their primary meaning; for example, gay may be used as a term of disparagement to refer to any person or thing the speaker thinks is worthy of contempt (e.g. "Those sneakers are gay"). Used in this way, the slur conveys contempt by associating its target with an (implicitly despised) sexual minority.
Alexandre Pierre-François Boëly (19 April 1785 – 27 December 1858) was a French composer, organist, pianist, and violist.


Dev Sanyal (born 4 September 1965) is the Chief Executive Officer of VARO Energy, a diversified energy company headquartered in Zug, Switzerland (since 1 January 2022). Prior to this, he had a 32-year global career with BP plc.
Valya Dudycz Lupescu is a Ukrainian American writer of magic realism and speculative fiction.
The 1969–70 NCAA University Division men's basketball rankings was made up of two human polls, the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll, in addition to various other preseason polls.
Immigration is the fifth album of the Japanese rock group Show-Ya. The album was released on 5 November 1987 in Japan. Yasushi Akimoto and Kyōhei Tsutsumi worked together again in song composition. Makoto Matsushita arranged all the music, this time collaborating with the band. This album was mixed by Andy Johns in Los Angeles. Immigration peaked at position No. 12 in the Japanese Oricon chart.


Lotte Neumann (born Charlotte Pötler, 5 August 1896 – 26 February 1977) was a German film actress, screenwriter, and film producer.
Bäcke Church (Swedish: Bäcke kyrka) in the Bengtsfors Municipality belongs to the Bäcke-Ödskölts parish in the Diocese of Karlstad, Sweden.
A railway bridge is a bridge designed to carry trains.

Railway bridge may also refer to:

Railway Bridge, Kaunas, crossing the Nemunas River in Lithuania
Railway Bridge, Riga, crossing the Daugava river in Riga, Latvia
New Railway Bridge, crossing the Sava river in Belgrade, Serbia
Old Railway Bridge, crossing the Sava river in Belgrade, Serbia
William Harold Strutton (23 February 1918 – 23 November 2003) was an Australian screenwriter and novelist. He worked on   television shows such as Ivanhoe, The Saint, The Avengers, Riptide and Doctor Who.


The Berlin Busy Bees (also known as the Berlin Green Sox and the Berlin Dutchmen) were a minor league baseball team in Berlin (renamed as Kitchener), Ontario that played in the Canadian League from 1911 through 1913. The league was classified as Class D in 1911 and as Class C from 1912 through 1913. The team's owner from 1911 to 1912 was William J. "Pop" Williams; in the winter of 1912–13 he sold the team for $2,000 to the Twin Cities Athletic Association, headed by Dr. F. H. Kalbfleisch. The team played its home games in Victoria Park.
The 1911 team easily won the Canadian League pennant with a record of 70–40, 11 games ahead of second-place London. The team's manager and first baseman was George "Rube" Deneau. Their shortstop, Raymond "Scotty" Cameron, was described as the "fastest man in the league", and was compared with Joe Tinker; he hit .341 and stole 48 bases. At the end of the season, he was drafted by the Philadelphia Athletics.
In 1912, the league was expanded from six teams to eight and was reclassified as Class C. Deneau returned as manager, but the Berlin team had lost six players to major league teams. The team finished in sixth place with a 42–50 record, and the owner, Williams, announced that he had lost money and would sell the team.
In 1913, Joseph Keenan took over as manager. The team failed to improved its record, going 37–67 to finish in seventh place. After the season, the Canadian League dropped the Berlin franchise, replacing it with a team in Toronto, and moved the Guelph franchise to Erie, Pennsylvania, as the bid to upgrade the league to Class B status. After the season, catcher Wickey McAvoy was drafted by the Philadelphia Athletics.
In addition to the regular and recurring cast members of The Andy Griffith Show (1960–1968), the show had many guest stars. Some were known prior to their appearance, while others became well-known later.

Note: Episode titles are followed by the season and episode no., e.g. 2.24 means the 24th episode of the second season.
Jerry Eckwood (born December 26, 1954) is a former NFL running back.  He played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1979 to 1981, and was a key member of the Buccaneers team that made the first playoff appearance in franchise history in 1979.  Eckwood played collegiately for the Arkansas Razorbacks from 1975 to 1978.
There for Tomorrow was an American rock band formed in Orlando, Florida, in February 2003. The original group consisted of vocalist Maika Maile, drummer Chris Kamrada, guitarist James Flaherty and bassist Jay Enriquez. Christian Climer joined the band in 2006 when the band was looking for a new member after James left in 2005.
On November 19, 2014, the band released a statement saying that they were disbanding and that they have been "trying to find themselves as individuals" after slowing things down in 2012. They played two final shows in their home city of Orlando in December 2014.
In late 2015, Maika Maile and Chris Kamrada began collaborating on a new musical project called Afterhour (stylized as AFTRHR). The duo continued the indie direction they had introduced on the Nightscape EP.
On November 29, 2019, the band made a reunion show for a 10-year anniversary of A Little Faster.
On May 21, 2020, the band made a show livestream for celebrating 10 years of A Little Faster.
Vairam (transl. Diamond) is a 1974 Indian Tamil-language action spy film directed by T. R. Ramanna and written by T. K. Balu. The film stars Jaishankar and Jayalalithaa, with M. R. R. Vasu, S. A. Ashokan and R. S. Manohar in supporting roles. It is a remake of the 1972 Hindi film Victoria No. 203. The film was released on 24 May 1974, and became a box office hit.


Life with Elizabeth is an American television sitcom starring Betty White as Elizabeth and Del Moore as her husband Alvin; Jack Narz is the on-camera announcer and narrator. The series aired in syndication from October 7, 1953, to September 1, 1955. The show was the first of many sitcoms for Betty White across the decades and was based on sketches involving the Elizabeth character that she had performed on her earlier talk show Hollywood on Television.
The low-budget comedy was produced by and filmed at Los Angeles TV station KLAC-TV (now KCOP-TV) where White and Moore were on the staff (the series was originally a live production on KLAC-TV in 1951). White received her first Primetime Emmy Award nomination for her work on this series.
The Karaliaus Mindaugo taurė MVP (transl. King Mindaugas MVP) is an award that is annually handed out to the most valuable player, in a given tournament, of the Karaliaus Mindaugo taurė professional basketball Lithuanian national domestic cup competition. The award was introduced when the competition was first held, in 2016. Antanas Kavaliauskas was the inaugural winner of the award. Since 2016, only two players have won the award more than once: Edgaras Ulanovas (4-time winner) and Joffrey Lauvergne (2-time winner). The current holder of the award is Laurynas Birutis
Christopher Carson Cheek (born September 16, 1968) is an American jazz saxophonist.
Krasinac  (Serbian Cyrillic: Красинац) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč in Canton 10, the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Matar Ebrahim Ali Matar (also spelled Mattar Mattar; Arabic: مطر إبراهيم علي مطر; born 3 May 1976) is a Bahraini politician of the Al Wefaq party who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from October 2010 until his resignation in early 2011. Born in the village of Al Daih to a large family with diverse political views, Matar completed his secondary education in Bahrain and moved to Kuwait to pursue higher education. He remained there until 2002 when he returned to Bahrain and joined Al Wefaq political party. Matar was politically active, working within committees in the party and meeting with foreign officials. In 2010, he won with a large margin in the Parliamentary election, becoming the youngest of all MPs and representing the country's largest constituency.
When the Bahraini uprising started in early 2011, Matar joined the protests and gave several interviews to international media. Following government crackdown, he and other party MPs resigned from Parliament. Due to his activism, Matar was arrested by authorities in May. He was allegedly kept in solitary confinement and subjected to torture while in detention before getting tried before a military court. He was released in August and acquitted of charges in February 2012. His arrest, alleged mistreatment and subsequent release triggered several international reactions by international bodies and NGOs such as the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Inter-Parliamentary Union, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. Following his release, Matar continued his political activism.
Megacyllene insignita is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Perroud in 1855.
Alive in Tulsa is the third album and the first live album by the band Axium, and features David Cook (vocals, guitar); Bobby Kerr (drums); Ryan Butler (bass); and Jeff Shrout (guitar). It was recorded by Mike Russell on February 14, 2004 at "the Venue" and mastered by Ben Hosterman.
Cari Higgins (born October 5, 1976) is an American former racing cyclist. Following her retirement from cycling, Higgins became a real estate agent.
In 2021, Higgins was appointed to USA Cycling's Board of Directors as an Athlete Representative.
Mark Termini is a Cleveland, Ohio-based sports attorney and agent. His agency Mark Termini Associates Inc represents professional basketball players. He negotiated $1.4 billion in NBA contracts for the clients of the Klutch Sports Group from 2014 to 2019.
Oeax is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. 

Oeax albosignatus Breuning, 1952
Oeax collaris Jordan, 1903
Oeax griseus Breuning, 1951
Oeax latefasciatus Breuning, 1978
Oeax lateralis Jordan, 1903
Oeax lichenea Duvivier, 1891
Oeax marshalli Breuning, 1935
Oeax obtusicollis Breuning, 1939
Oeax paralateralis Breuning, 1977
Oeax petriclaudii (Quentin & Villiers, 1981)
Oeax pygmaeus (Kolbe, 1893)
Oeax rufescens Breuning, 1939
Oeax similis Breuning, 1986
Oeax subaequalis Breuning, 1955
Oeax transversus (Aurivillius, 1913)
Oeax triangularis (White, 1858)
Oeax tricuspis Báguena, 1952
Oeax ugandae Breuning, 1971
The infinite alleles model is a mathematical model for calculating genetic mutations.  The Japanese geneticist Motoo Kimura and American geneticist James F. Crow (1964) introduced the infinite alleles model,  an attempt to determine for a finite diploid population what proportion of loci would be homozygous.  This was, in part, motivated by assertions by other geneticists that more than 50 percent of Drosophila loci were heterozygous, a claim they initially doubted.  In order to answer this question they assumed first, that there were a large enough number of alleles so that any mutation would lead to a different allele (that is the probability of back mutation to the original allele would be low enough to be negligible); and second, that the mutations would result in a number of different outcomes from neutral to deleterious.
They determined that in the neutral case, the probability that an individual would be homozygous, F, was:

  
    
      
        F
        =
        
          
            1
            
              4
              
                N
                
                  e
                
              
              u
              +
              1
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle F={1 \over 4N_{e}u+1}}
  

where u is the mutation rate, and Ne is the effective population size. The effective number of alleles n maintained in a population is defined as the inverse of the homozygosity, that is

  
    
      
        n
        =
        
          
            1
            F
          
        
        =
        4
        
          N
          
            e
          
        
        u
        +
        1
      
    
    {\displaystyle n={1 \over F}=4N_{e}u+1}
  

which is a lower bound for the actual number of alleles in the population.
If the effective population is large, then a large number of alleles can be maintained. However, this result only holds for the neutral case, and is not necessarily true for the case when some alleles are subject to selection, i.e. more or less fit than others, for example when the fittest genotype is a heterozygote (a situation often referred to as overdominance or heterosis).  
In the case of overdominance, because Mendel's second law (the law of segregation) necessarily results in the production of homozygotes (which are by definition in this case, less fit), this means that population will always harbor a number of less fit individuals, which leads to a decrease in the average fitness of the population.  This is sometimes referred to as genetic load, in this case it is a special kind of load known as segregational load.  Crow and Kimura showed that at equilibrium conditions, for a given strength of selection (s), that there would be an upper limit to the number of fitter alleles (polymorphisms) that a population could harbor for a particular locus.  Beyond this number of alleles, the selective advantage of presence of those alleles in heterozygous genotypes would be cancelled out by continual generation of less fit homozygous genotypes.
These results became important in the formation of the neutral theory, because neutral (or nearly neutral) alleles create no such segregational load, and allow for the accumulation of a great deal of polymorphism.   When Richard Lewontin and J. Hubby published their groundbreaking results in 1966 which showed high levels of genetic variation in Drosophila via protein electrophoresis, the theoretical results from the infinite alleles model were used by Kimura and others to support the idea that this variation would have to be neutral (or result in excess segregational load).
The term Beilager (in older writings Beylager), as well as the related terms Bettleite and Bettsetzung all refer to a ceremonial part of marriage as performed in Germany from the High Middle Ages to about the 19th century.
During Beilager, bride and groom were ritually covered in the marriage bed in a public ceremony. The process had legal force and therefore needed witnesses of the consummation of the marriage. In the oldest surviving Saxon law (Saxony Mirror in 1220) it says: Er ist ihr Vormund und sie ist seine Genossin, und tritt in sein recht, wann si in sein Bett tritt (He is her guardian and she is his companion, and enters at his right when she goes to bed). A senior witness or relative (sometimes also a lawyer) established the consent of the couple, and then performed Muntehe, transitioning the guardianship of the woman from father to husband.
These royal nuptials were designed with appropriate pomp. The (pre-) marital intercourse, copula carnalis, (medieval Latin for sinful connection, as noted in church records) was probably an original part of the Beilagers ritual in the early Middle Ages. Descriptions of the 15th century describe the bride and groom getting dressed in the symbolic marriage bed, followed by the carnal union of the pair, without witnesses, on the wedding night, although some authors believe that in the 14th century intercourse took place in view of witnesses.
A special form of ritual Beilager, called keusches Beilager (chaste nuptials), involved a deputy or messenger of the groom carrying out the ritual nuptials in which a sword was placed between the bride and the groom's representative to symbolize the physical separation between the bride and her groom. The Abgesandtenwerbung survived to our time in the form of the so-called Handschuhehe (marriage glove), which is not recognized legally in Germany.
Imrich Lobo (born 2 June 1955), better known by his stage name Lobo, is a Dutch singer.
Corythangela fimbriata is a moth of the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Western Australia.
The wingspan is about 10 mm.
Veronika Kalinina (born 19 January 1999) is a Russian synchronised swimmer.
She won a gold medal in the team free routine competition at the 2018 European Aquatics Championships.
The Texas attorney general is the chief legal officer of the U.S. state of Texas. The current officeholder, Republican Ken Paxton, has served in the position since January 5, 2015.
Georg Krauß, from 1905 Ritter von Krauß (25 December 1826 – 5 November 1906) was a German industrialist and the founder of the Krauss Locomotive Works (Locomotivfabrik Krauß & Comp.) in Munich, Germany and Linz, Upper Austria. The spelling of the company name was later changed from Krauß to Krauss, once the form of the name in capital letters on the company's emblems had become established.
The Daugava Stadions was a football stadium in the city of Daugavpils, Latvia.
Astemir Apanasov (born September 21, 1989, Nalchik) is a Circassian singer, musician, and composer.
He received several awards including Honored Artist of the Republic of Adygea, Honored Artist Of the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic, Honored Artist of the Karachay-Cherkess Republic, Grand Prix of the All-Russian competition "Blue Bird", victory in the final and superfinal of the television competition "Morning Star" (2003), Winner of the International Competition "Hopes of Europe", laureate of the International Theater Festival Fringe in Edinburgh (Scotland), laureate of the IV Annual Prize of the first all-Caucasian ethnomusic TV channel "9 Wave", laureate of the I and II prizes of the International Competition "Hopes of Europe".
Aktuzla, is a village in the Malazgirt District, Muş Province, Turkey. Aktuzla is located very close to Lake Kaz.


Mosab Hassan Yousef (Arabic: مصعب حسن يوسف; born 5 May 1978) is an ex–Palestinian militant who defected to Israel in 1997, thereafter working as an Israeli spy for the Shin Bet until he moved to the United States in 2007. His father is Sheikh Hassan Yousef, a co-founder of Hamas. A New York Times bestselling author, he is known for his outspoken criticisms of Hamas and Islam and has been accused of Islamophobia at university campus talks and online.
The Shin Bet considered Yousef to be Israel's most valuable source within the Hamas leadership: the information he supplied allowed Israel to successfully thwart dozens of Palestinian suicide attacks and prevent the assassinations of many Israelis; exposed numerous Hamas cells; and assisted Israeli authorities in hunting down Palestinian militants. His efforts also culminated in the incarceration of his father, who had served as a leading figure for Hamas operations from the West Bank. In March 2010, Yousef published his autobiography, titled Son of Hamas.
In 1999, Yousef converted to Christianity from Islam, but did not disclose this fact to the public until 2008, triggering fears that his family members in Ramallah would become targets for religious persecution. In 2007, he left the West Bank and moved to the United States where he applied for political asylum and had his request granted by American authorities in 2010 following Shin Bet handler Gonen Ben Itzhak testifying on his behalf. Yousef has compared Islam to Nazism, and said he has "zero respect for anyone who identifies as Muslim". Palestinian students and community leaders at university campuses have accused him of Islamophobia, and his speeches have attracted protests.
Christopher Paul Ashling (born 26 November 1988) is an English cricketer who coaches for the Cheshire Cricket Board following his release from Glamorgan. Born in Manchester, he is a right-handed batsman and bowls right-arm medium-fast.
Ashling began his cricket career with Bowdon Cricket Club and began playing for their first-team in the Cheshire County Cricket League as a 15-year-old in 2004, when they won the league for the fourth time in five years. He also played for the Cheshire Under-15s side and, on 17 August 2004, he was selected to play for the Lancashire Second XI against Essex Seconds. The following year, he progressed to the Cheshire Under-17s side while continuing to play for Lancashire Seconds until 2007, when he began attending UWIC in Cardiff and joined the Glamorgan academy. He made his first appearance for the Glamorgan Second XI on 5 September 2007 against Middlesex Seconds. In 2008, he ceased playing for Bowdon and instead played his club cricket for Sudbrook Cricket Club in Monmouthshire.
Ashling made his Minor Counties Championship for Wales Minor Counties against Dorset on 26 May 2008. He played for Wales Minor Counties and Glamorgan Seconds throughout the 2008 and 2009 seasons, before making his first-class debut for Glamorgan away to Leicestershire in the County Championship on 2 September 2009; he took three wickets and scored 12 runs in a drawn match. He also made his List A debut against Leicestershire on 6 September; he took one wicket and scored six runs, but Glamorgan lost by 23 runs. He made two more Pro40 appearances in 2009, before continuing in the side in 2010.
Ashling was released by Glamorgan at the end of the 2012 season. Unable to find a new home with a first-class county, Ashling returned to his former club, Bowdon CC, and took up a coaching position with the Cheshire Cricket Board.
Sergey Detkov (born 5 March 1979) is a Russian orienteering competitor.
He received a silver medal at the World Games in 2005 in the mixed relay, with Aliya Sitdikova, Maxim Davydov and Tatiana Ryabkina.
He received a silver medal in the short distance and finished 4th in the classic distance at the 1999 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Varna.
Viktor Sinyak (Виктор Анатольевич Синяк, born (1970-05-05)5 May 1970) is a Belarusian male former weightlifter, who competed in the bantamweight category and represented Belarus at international competitions. He won the silver medal at the 1991 European Weightlifting Championships. He participated at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Syrotyne (Ukrainian: Сиротине) is a rural settlement in Sievierodonetsk Raion (district) in Luhansk Oblast of eastern Ukraine. Population: 1,520 (2022 estimate)
Until 18 July 2020, Syrotyne was located in Sievierodonetsk Municipality. The municipality was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine and the number of raions of Luhansk Oblast was reduced to eight, of which only four were controlled by the government. Sievierodonetsk Municipality was merged into Sievierodonetsk Raion.


Muzaffar Ahmed may refer to:

Muzaffar Ahmed (politician) (1889–1973), Indian Bengali politician, journalist and communist activist
Muzaffar Ahmed (economist) (1936–2012), Bangladeshi economist
Muzaffar Ahmed (NAP politician) (1922–2019), advisor in Provisional Government of Bangladesh during wartime in 1971
Lørenskog Ishockeyklubb (founded in 1963) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey team based in Lørenskog, Norway. The team competed in GET-ligaen from 2008 to 2018. In May 2018, the club did not receive a new licence, due to long-term economic problems. The team got promoted back to the Fjordkraft-ligaen.
Parliamentary elections were held in Romania on 5 March 1961. Voters were presented with a single list from the People's Democratic Front (FDP), which was dominated by the Romanian Workers Party (PMR). The Front won all 465 seats in the Great National Assembly.
Fayette County Public Schools is a school district based in Lexington, Kentucky (U.S.).
The district serves all of Fayette County, which is coextensive with the city of Lexington.
Tetragnatha guatemalensis, the Guatemalan long-jawed spider, is a species of long-jawed orb weaver in the family Tetragnathidae. It is found in North, Central America, Cuba, and Jamaica. Under certain conditions, such as mass emergence of midges, the spiders will weave communal webs.
Mastic Beach is a hamlet and census-designated place, and former village in the southeastern part of the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, on Long Island, in New York, United States. The population was 14,849 at the 2010 census, when it was an unincorporated census-designated place for the first time.
Michael James Squire (3 May 1946 – 4 May 2023) was a British architect.
This is a list of cathedrals in Burma sorted by denomination.
Thug Stories is the sixth studio album by Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, released September 19, 2006 on Koch Records. It marked the first time Bone recorded as a trio for a full album, as Bizzy Bone  was still ejected from the group. Upon release, the album sold 40,000 units in its first week, eventually peaking at number 25 on the Billboard 200 and number one on the Independent Album Charts. Thug Stories was the group's first major label LP length release since 2002's Thug World Order Ruthless Records. As of April 11, 2007, it has sold 92,465 copies.


Mehdigulu Khan Utsmiyev (Azerbaijani: Mehdiqulu xan Xasay xan oğlu Üsmiyev; 1855, Shusha – 1900, Tiflis) was a lyrical poet of Azerbaijan of Kumyk and Javanshir descent, a lieutenant colonel in the Imperial Russian Army. He authored poetry under pseudonym Vafa (Persian: وفا, lit. 'Loyal').
This article shows the roster of all participating teams at the 2016 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix.
270 Park Avenue, also known as the JPMorgan Chase Tower and the Union Carbide Building, was a skyscraper in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City. Built in 1960 for chemical company Union Carbide, it was designed by the architects Gordon Bunshaft and Natalie de Blois of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM). The 52-story, 707 ft (215 m) skyscraper later became the global headquarters for JPMorgan Chase. It was demolished in 2021 to make way for a taller skyscraper at the same address. At the time of its destruction, the Union Carbide Building was the tallest voluntarily demolished building in the world.
The building occupied a full city block bounded by Madison Avenue, 48th Street, Park Avenue, and 47th Street. It was composed of two sections: a 52-story tower facing Park Avenue to the east and a 12-story annex facing Madison Avenue to the west, both surrounded by public plazas. About two-thirds of 270 Park Avenue was built atop two levels of underground railroad tracks, which feed directly into Grand Central Terminal to the south. This not only prevented a basement from being built under most of the site but also required that the lobby be one story above ground level. Union Carbide's offices were designed around a grid of 5 by 5 ft (1.5 by 1.5 m) modules. The offices contained flexible furnishings and partitions, as well as luminous ceilings. The Union Carbide Building received mixed reviews during its existence, and the presence of the building's plazas helped influence the 1961 Zoning Resolution.
The site was occupied by the Hotel Marguery between 1917 and 1957. Union Carbide leased the land from New York Central Railroad (later Penn Central) and announced plans for the building in 1955. Union Carbide moved into its headquarters in 1960 and acquired the underlying land in 1976 after Penn Central went bankrupt. After three years of negotiations, Union Carbide agreed in 1978 to sell the building to Manufacturers Hanover Corporation. Manufacturers Hanover moved into 270 Park Avenue in 1980 and renovated the building. Through several mergers, Manufacturers Hanover became part of JPMorgan Chase, which announced plans to demolish the building in 2018. Despite preservationists' objections, the Union Carbide Building was demolished from 2019 to 2021.
Timothy Clark Choate (October 11, 1954 – September 24, 2004) was an American actor who starred in a number of film and television roles on series such as Dragnet and Babylon 5.
Choate was born and raised in Dallas, Texas, the son of Betty Nell (née Strong), a commercial artist, and Ben Tom Choate, who worked in building and construction. He appeared in theater productions while attending the University of Texas in Austin and also attended Cornell University.
He was active on stage in both New York and Hollywood. On Broadway, he appeared in Crimes of the Heart and Da. He also performed at the Los Angeles Shakespeare Fest in Twelfth Night and The Merry Wives of Windsor as well as in the Los Angeles production of Beyond Therapy. Choate appeared in regional productions at the Long Wharf Theater, the Kennedy Center and the Berkshire Theatre Festival.
His film appearances included several Merchant Ivory productions including The Europeans (1979), Jane Austen in Manhattan (1980), and Jefferson in Paris (1995); Times Square (1980), Ghost Story (1981), Blow Out (1981), Def-Con 4 (1985), the Oscar-winning short Ray's Male Heterosexual Dance Hall (1987), Soapdish (1991), Immaculate Conception (1992), Live Nude Girls (1995), and Pearl Harbor (2001).
On television, he played Zathras on Babylon 5 and had a recurring role on Newhart, as well as appearing in several TV movies, notably Blind Witness (1989), Highway to Heaven (1989) and Child in the Night (1990), and guesting on shows including The Practice, Diagnosis: Murder, and The Bold and the Beautiful. He played Michael Killup in the Tales from the Darkside episode "Halloween Candy" (1985).
He was killed in a motorcycle accident in Los Angeles, California in 2004, aged 49. He is interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
David, Dave, Davey, or Davie Shaw may refer to:
The 2017 Arizona Diamondbacks season was the franchise's 19th season in Major League Baseball and their 19th season at Chase Field and in Phoenix, Arizona. They began the season on April 2 at home against the San Francisco Giants. The Diamondbacks finished the season 93–69 to finish in second place in the National League West, 11 games behind the Los Angeles Dodgers. They also flipped their record from the previous year, in which they went 69-93.   
On September 24, the Diamondbacks clinched a Wild Card berth with losses by the Milwaukee Brewers and the St. Louis Cardinals. They also clinched home field for the Wild Card game after a 3–2 walk-off victory over the Miami Marlins. This marked the first trip to the playoffs for the Diamondbacks since 2011. In the NLWC Game, they defeated the Colorado Rockies to advance the NLDS against the division rival Los Angeles Dodgers. The Diamondbacks were then swept by the Dodgers in three games, ending their postseason run.
Indrani Perera (Sinhala:ඉන්ද්‍රානි පෙරේරා: born 15 February), is a Sri Lankan singer and playback singer. Indrani along with Clarence Wijewardena and Annesley Malewana are known as "The Original Sinhala Pop Trio".
Isabelle Cogitore (29 July 1964, Épinal) is a French historian, a specialist of ancient Rome, professor of Latin language and literature at the Stendhal University in Grenoble.


Gattyana brunnea is a scale worm described from the North Pacific Ocean off the coast of California at a depth of about 550 m.
The Inn Valley Motorway or Inntal Autobahn A12 is an autobahn in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol and part of Euroroutes E45 and E60.
It begins as a continuation of the German Bundesautobahn 93 on the German-Austrian border near Kiefersfelden/Kufstein and runs via Innsbruck (intersection with the Brenner Autobahn A13) to Zams, where it transitions to the S16 Arlberg expressway (Arlberg Schnellstraße). It runs parallel to the River Inn and runs through the Inn Valley fresh air region (Luftsanierungsgebiet).
Year 156 (CLVI) was a leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Silvanus and Augurinus (or, less frequently, year 909 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 156 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Chibisovka (Russian: Чибисовка) is a rural locality (a khutor) in Bolshezhirovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:  22 (2010 Census); 25 (2002 Census);
The 1967–68 North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 1967–68 men's college basketball season.
Darius "Darjo" Earvin Johnson-Odom (born September 28, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Orléans Loiret of the LNB Pro B. In 2009, he transferred to Marquette University from Hutchinson Community College. As a senior, Johnson-Odom was named first-team All-Big East.
Elliott Whitehead (born 4 September 1989) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays as a second-row forward for the Canberra Raiders in the National Rugby League (NRL), and England and Great Britain at international level. 
He previously played for the Bradford Bulls and the Catalans Dragons in the Super League.


This is a list of estimates of the real gross domestic product  growth rate (not rebased GDP) in Oceanian states for the latest years recorded in the CIA World Factbook. States are not included if their latest growth estimate was for a year prior to 2014. The list contains some non-sovereign territories.
Henry Borynski (born 8 October 1910) was a Polish priest who served as Roman Catholic chaplain to the Polish community in Bradford in Yorkshire. He was last seen on 13 July 1953, and his sudden disappearance remains unsolved.
The Northern Brewery is a former industrial building located at 1327 Jones Drive in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Gościejewo (Polish pronunciation: [ɡɔɕt͡ɕɛˈjɛvɔ]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Karniewo, 10 km (6 mi) south of Maków Mazowiecki, and 63 km (39 mi) north of Warsaw.
Akantigsi Afoko was a Ghanaian teacher and politician. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly representing the Northern territories from 1951 to 1954. In 1954 he was elected to represent the Builsa electoral district in the Legislative Assembly, he was re-elected in 1956 and maintained his post as the member of parliament for the constituency until 1965. In 1965 he became the member of parliament for the Sandema constituency. He served in this capacity until the ousting of the Nkrumah government in 1966. Prior to politics Afoko was a trained teacher who taught at Fumbisi, a town in the Builsa District of Ghana.


FirstBank Holding Company (or 1stBank) is an American privately held bank and financial services company that operates more than 100 locations in three states in the Southwestern U.S., in Colorado, Arizona, and California. Founded in 1963, it is headquartered in Lakewood, Colorado.
Alice Decaux, born 10 April 1985 at Abidjan, is a French athlete, who specializes in the 60 meter hurdles and 100 meters hurdles.
Ronald Wayne Wheeler (born September 5, 1958) is a former American football tight end who played in the National Football League (NFL), the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the United States Football League (USFL). He played college football at Washington.
Gary J. Pielak (born July 17, 1955) is an American biological chemist who is known for developing quantitative techniques for measuring protein structure, stability, diffusion, and concentration in living cells, and under crowded conditions.   
Pielak is the Kenan Distinguished Professor of Chemistry, Biochemistry and Biophysics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine, Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, and Department of Chemistry. He is a Fellow of the Biophysical Society.
Space Cowboy: The Collection is the first compilation album by the French-born English recording artist Space Cowboy. It contains remixes of the songs "I Would Die 4 U", "Crazy Talk", and "Just Put Your Hand in Mine" and contains the previously unreleased song, "Heavy Metal". It was released by Southern Fried Records on November 22, 2010.
The Montreal Hoshuko School (French: École Hoshuko Montréal Inc, Japanese: モントリオール日本語補習校 Montoriōru Nihongo Hoshūkō) is a Japanese supplementary weekend school in Montreal, Quebec. The members of the Montreal Shōkōkai (モントリオール商工会; Japanese Association of Commerce and Industry) manage and assist the administrative and financial aspects of the Montreal Hoshuko and have done so since the school's founding. The Montreal Hoshuko serves both Japanese nationals and Japanese Canadians. The school last indicated that classes were held at the Trafalgar School for Girls, where the weekend school rented space. As of 2017 the school keeps its classroom location confidential, citing safety reasons.
Rose Tattoo are an Australian rock and roll band, founded by slide guitarist Pete Wells in 1976, lead vocalist Tony Lake, rhythm guitarist Leigh Johnston, bassist Ian Rilen, and drummer Michael Vandersluys completed the bands first line-up. The band currently consists of lead vocalist Angry Anderson (since 1976), drummer Paul DeMarco (who first joined in 1992), bassist Mark Evans (since 2017) and guitarists Mick Arnold and Ronnie Simmons (both since 2022).
Wesley H. Sowers (August 26, 1905–February 2, 2008) was an American politician who served in the Kansas State Senate as a Republican from 1971 to 1980. He originally joined the Kansas Senate in the 19th district for two years, before serving two full terms in the 31st district from 1973 to 1980.
Humberto Bernasconi Galvart (born 17 December 1910, date of death unknown) was an Uruguayan basketball player. He competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Montevideo.
The Dr. Charles H. Dubs Townhouse is a historic townhouse in Natchez, Mississippi, USA.
The Sky was a magazine for amateur astronomers published between 1935 and 1941. It was the successor to a monthly bulletin called The Amateur Astronomer, which was published by the Amateur Astronomers Association (AAA) of New York City, and a precursor to Sky & Telescope before merging with The Telescope.
The Hero is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC on Thursday nights at 9:30 p.m. Eastern from September 8, 1966 to January 5, 1967. It was the first television series for Richard Mulligan.
After reports of possible cancelation of the series surfaced in the fall of 1966, the National Association for Better Broadcasting (NABB) wrote to NBC and to sponsors Lever Brothers Company and R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company asking that it not be canceled. Frank Orme, NABB's executive director, said that ending the series would undermine writers' and producers' efforts to come up with shows "that would reverse the continuing decline in standards of network entertainment programming."
Gregory Lovell Saunier ( SAWN-yay, born 18 May 1969) is a musician, producer, and composer best known as the drummer and founding member of Deerhoof.
Rolling Stone included Saunier alongside Brian Chippendale (of Lightning Bolt) and Zach Hill (of Hella, later Death Grips and the I.L.Y's) as together composing "a generation of trailblazing 21st-century avant-rock percussionists".
Standish James O'Grady (18 September 1846 – 18 May 1928) was an Irish author, journalist, and historian. O'Grady was inspired by Sylvester O'Halloran and played a formative role in the Celtic Revival, publishing the tales of Irish mythology, as the History of Ireland: Heroic Period (1878), arguing that the Gaelic tradition had rival only from the tales of Homeric Greece. O'Grady was a paradox for his times, proud of his Gaelic heritage, he was also a member of the Church of Ireland, a champion of aristocratic virtues (particularly decrying bourgeois values and the uprooting cosmopolitanism of modernity) and at one point advocated a revitalised Irish people taking over the British Empire and renaming it the Anglo-Irish Empire.
O'Grady's influence crossed the divide of the Anglo-Irish and Irish-Ireland traditions in literature. His influence was explicitly stated by the Abbey Theatre set with Lady Gregory, W. B. Yeats and George William Russell attributing their interest in the Fenian Cycle of Gaelic tradition in part to him. Some of the figures associated with the political party Sinn Féin, including its founder Arthur Griffith, had positive things to say about his efforts in helping to retrieve from the past the Gaelic heroic outlook.
Alampur is a small village in Najibabad Tehsil in Bijnor District of Uttar Pradesh State, India. It comes under Kalanpur Buzurg Urf Bahupura Panchayath. It belongs to Moradabad Division. It is located 7 km towards Kiratpur Railway Station and 19 km from the District headquarters, Bijnor. 
Alampur is surrounded by Bahupura, Umari, Sisona and Fazalpur villages.
Arthur Paul Schmidt (April 1, 1846 – May 5, 1921) was a music publisher in the United States. The Library of Congress has a collection of his company's archives.
He was born in Altona, then part of the Duchy of Holstein and under Danish control. He arrived in the United States in 1866 and worked for the G. D. Russell publishing house in Boston before opening his own retail and foreign music importing business in 1876, A.P. Schmidt Company. It had offices in New York City and Leipzig, Germany and was successful publishing works by American composers. Schmidt published work by George Whitefield Chadwick (Symphony no.2, op.21, the first orchestral score that was both written by an American composer and issued an American publisher), Amy Beach, Arthur Bird, Arthur Foote, Henry Kimball Hadley, Edward McDowell  Horatio Parker, Emily Bruce Roelofson, Harriet P. Sawyer, and Anice Potter Terhune.
After his death, the firm was acquired by Summy-Birchard Company of Evanston, Illinois in 1960.


Jih-chi chiu-chung (Nine Diaries) was the most popular book published by Chinese writer Yu Dafu. Written in 1927, it detailed the events of his affair with the leftist writer Wang Ying-hsia and broke all previous Chinese sales records.
John Henry Pearson (14 May 1915 – 13 May 2007) was an English first-class cricketer, who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1934 to 1936.  He also appeared for the Yorkshire Second XI between 1933 and 1936.
Born in Scarborough, Yorkshire, England, Pearson was a right-handed batsman, who scored 54 runs with a best of 44 against Northamptonshire.  He also appeared against Derbyshire and Kent.  In all first-class matches he averaged 18.00.  He did not bowl or take a catch in the field.
Pearson died aged 91, in May 2007
Jan Drummen (18 March 1891 – 7 November 1966) was a Dutch architect.
He designed, among other things, the Lauradorp district in Ubach over Worms. Drummen studied at the drawing schools of Heerlen and Roermond. From 1918 to 1920 he was construction supervisor of the municipality of Nuth. From 1920 to 1942 he was municipal architect of Brunssum and subsequently director of municipal works. In 1950 he established himself as an independent architect. In 1917 he designed the doctor's practice residence, now designated as a national monument, called Antigone in Nuth, in a traditional style influenced by eclecticism. In addition to houses, he also designed shop premises, churches, schools and monasteries. In 1952 he built the parish church Immaculate Heart of Mary (Fatimakerk) and in 1957 the H. Pastoor van Arskerk in Eygelshoven, which has since been demolished. In 1953 he built an emergency church in Treebeek for the Rosary Parish.
Various schools are also registered in the name of his office: the craft schools of Brunssum and Hoensbroek, the expansion and new construction of the Niek Savio-Ulo in Lauradorp in the years 1955 and 1960, as well as the gymnastics hall next to the OLV school in Lauradorp in 1956. In Werkhoven he built the last cloister Godswerkhof for the Augustinian Sisters. He also seems to have built churches in Germany, but it is said that he used a pseudonym.


In the postwar decades, the standard of living in Japan has undergone a dramatic rise. Some observed changed has been a reduction of the gap between blue and white collar workers. What was once considered the "three sacred treasures", was possessed by 90% of households by 1964. By the 1970's, the living conditions of the working class were considered to be as high as those in the West. Japanese consumers have benefited from the nation's economic growth, while in turn they have stimulated the economy through demand for sophisticated products, loyalty to domestically produced goods, and saving and pooling investment funds. But personal disposable income has not risen as fast as the economy as a whole in many years—at 1 percentage point less than average GNP growth in the late 1980s.
Gilmore is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 127. It is part of the Cumberland, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Gilmore lies in the valley of Georges Creek, a tributary of the North Branch Potomac River, between Dans Mountain to the southeast and Big Savage Mountain to the northwest. Maryland Route 36 runs north–south through the community. Midland is directly to the north, and Lonaconing is 2 miles (3 km) to the southwest.


Léon Pillet (6 December 1803 – 20 March 1868), was a 19th-century French journalist, civil servant, and director of the Paris Opera from 1840 to 1847. A political appointee, he was probably the least successful director of the Paris Opera in the 19th century.


Aubrite is the fourth album from German Ambient music producer, Thomas Köner. It was recorded between April 1994 and March 1995. Roland Speckle helped with production of the album.
"Aubrite" is the name for small meteorites. Nuuk is the capital city of Greenland. Taklamakan is a desert in Central Asia. Grohuk is a small town on Spitsbergen.
Rhodobaculum is an alkaliphilic genus of bacteria from the family of Rhodobacteraceae with one known species (Rhodobaculum claviforme). Rhodobaculum claviforme has been isolated from saline alkaline steppe lakes from Siberia.
Giancarlo Dettori (born 5 April 1932) is an Italian actor. He has appeared in more than thirty films since 1957.
Save Ellis Island, founded in 1999, is a 501(c)(3) organization and partner of the National Park Service for the rehabilitation of the 29 mostly unrestored buildings comprising the Ellis Island Immigrant Hospital on the south side of Ellis Island in New York Harbor.


This is a list of ministers of justice of Thailand.
Kong Rong () (151/153 – 26 September 208), courtesy name Wenju, was a Chinese poet, politician, and minor warlord who lived during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China. He was a 20th generation descendant of Confucius. As he was once the Chancellor of Beihai State, he was also known as Kong Beihai. He was defeated by Yuan Tan in 196 and escaped to the capital Xuchang. For being a political opponent of Cao Cao and humiliating him on multiple occasions, Kong Rong was eventually put to death on various charges.
Famed for his quick wits and elaborate literary style, Kong Rong was ranked among the Seven Scholars of Jian'an, a group of representative literati of his time. However, most of his works had been lost. Those that survived can be found in compilations from the Ming and Qing dynasties.
A well-known story commonly used to educate children – even in contemporary times – on the values of courtesy and fraternal love involves a four-year-old Kong Rong giving up the larger pears to his older and younger brothers. This story, commonly known as "Kong Rong giving up pears" (孔融讓梨), is also mentioned in the Three Character Classic, a text used for elementary education since the Song dynasty.


Abelardo Montalvo Alvear (March 13, 1876 – December 1, 1950) was the acting President of Ecuador from October 1933 to August 1934.
Joséphine Bowes, Countess of Montalbo (born Joséphine Benoîte Coffin-Chevallier; 1825 – 9 February 1874) was a French-born actress, artist, collector and patron of the arts. She was married to fellow collector John Bowes, son of John Bowes, 10th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne. She and her husband founded the Bowes Museum in Barnard Castle, Teesdale.
Psathyrella vinosofulva is a species of agaric fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae. The species, first described scientifically by P.D.Orton in 1960, is found in Europe. The cap is initially conical to convex before expanded slightly, becoming slightly umbonate, and measures 1.4–2.3 cm (0.6–0.9 in) in diameter. The spores are ellipsoid, have a germ pore, and dimensions of 11–13 by 5.75–7 μm.
James Donald Higgs  (born 11 July 1950) is a former Australian leg spinner who played in 22 Test matches between 1978 and 1981. In the words of Gideon Haigh "Jim Higgs was Australia's best legspinner between Richie Benaud and Warne. His misfortune was to play at a time when wrist-spin was nearly extinct, thought to be the preserve only of the eccentric and the profligate, and so to find selectors and captains with little empathy with his guiles."
The Carbine barred frog (Mixophyes carbinensis), or Carbine frog, is a species of large frog that is endemic to Australia.
Sajjad Ahmed can refer to:

Sajjad Ahmed (cricketer, born 1932), a Pakistani cricketer
Sajjad Ahmed (cricketer, born 1974), a Bangladeshi cricketer
Sajjad Ahmed (cricketer, born 1980), a Pakistani cricketer
The Minto Bridges are a series of truss bridges that span across the Rideau River, connecting Union Street to Green Island and Maple Island in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Boddepalli Rajagopala Rao (12 March 1923 – 22 February 1992) was an Indian politician.
John Ngu Foncha (21 June 1916 – 10 April 1999) was a Cameroonian politician, who served as 5th Prime Minister of Cameroon.
Rimu Matsuoka (松岡 瑠夢, Matsuoka Rimu, born July 22, 1998) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Roasso Kumamoto.
Doun Kaev (Khmer: ដូនកែវ [doun kaew]; lit. "Crystal Grandmother") is the capital of Takéo Province, Cambodia. In 2019 it had a population of 43,402 which had increased from 1998. The small city and province is known for silk weaving, and the province is home to about 10,000 of the total of 15,000 Cambodian weavers. Most silk weavers in the villages are near the national highway in the direction of Takéo town. The technique of silk weaving could have come to the Khmer during the Kingdom of Funan, probably in the 2nd century, from India and China.
Greek traditional music (Greek: παραδοσιακή μουσική, "traditional music"; also δημοτικά τραγούδια, "folk songs") includes a variety of Greek styles played by ethnic Greeks in Greece, Cyprus, Australia, the United States and other parts of Europe. Apart from the common music found generally in Greece, each region of Greece contains a distinct type of folk music that originated from the region due to their history, traditions and cultural influences.


Brian Lugo Silva (born January 5, 1991, in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Deportes Concepción of the Primera División B in Chile.
The Chilkat Valley News is a weekly newspaper serving the Chilkat Valley/Haines Borough area of Southeast Alaska. The paper principally serves the communities of Haines, where it is published, and Klukwan, a Tlingit Indian village 23 miles (37 km) west of Haines.
The newspaper features local news, obituaries, and "Duly Noted," an about-town column written by locals, including Doris Ward and Heather Lende (author, National Public Radio commentator, and Anchorage Daily News columnist.) The Chilkat Valley News is also one of just a handful of independently owned newspapers in Alaska.
The newspaper was founded in 1966 by Haines schoolteacher Ray Menaker and a student printer, Bill Hartmann. The first edition appeared January 3 without a title, instead asking readers to choose a name from a list of 18 suggested ones, including Haines Independent Grapevine and Lynn Canal Drift.
Menaker sold the newspaper in the mid-1980s to Bonnie Hedrick. In 2012, Hedrick sold the paper to Tom Morphet who ran for public office in 2016 and distanced himself from the paper.
In June 2017, Kyle Clayton, bought the paper from Morphet. Clayton sold the paper on Jan. 1 2024, to journalist Rashah McChesney.
The paper is printed in Petersburg, Alaska and published on Thursdays.
The Chilkat Valley News has won numerous awards from the Alaska Press Club, including Best Weekly Newspaper in 2013 and 2014.
Monbetsu (紋別市, Monbetsu-shi) is a city located in Okhotsk Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan; on the Sea of Okhotsk. The name comes from Ainu Mopet (Quiet River), Ainu "-pet"  would be interpreted "-betsu" in Japanese as well of other city names in Hokkaido.
As of September 30, 2016, the city has an estimated population of 22,983 and a population density of 27.67 persons per km2. The total area is 830.70 km2 (320.74 sq mi).
Most of Monbetsu's economy is dedicated to fishing for cold-water species such as crab. The crab from Monbetsu is reputedly the best in Japan, and is such a source of town pride that a sculpture of a crab claw nearly 10 m tall was built on the waterfront.
John Powell (fl. 1770–1785?) was a British portrait painter.
Kimoset is a settlement in Kenya's Baringo County.
Pyrausta vicarialis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Colombia.
Kiev Institute of Business and Technology or Kyiv Institute of Business and Technology (KIBiT) (Ukrainian: Київський інститут бізнесу та технологій; KIБіT) is a Ukrainian university founded in 1992 as the successor of Kyiv People's University for Technical Progress which was founded in 1961. Its address is Bilyzka street 41/43 in Kyiv.
The Indian state of Nagaland, has 16 administrative districts: Chümoukedima, Dimapur, Kiphire, Kohima, Longleng, Mokokchung, Mon, Niuland, Noklak, Peren, Phek, Shamator, Tuensang, Tseminyü, Wokha and Zünheboto.
The Institute of Management of Sri Lanka (IMSL) is the national professional association in the field of management in Sri Lanka. It was inaugurated on 31 July 1986 and incorporated by Act of Parliament No. 67 on 17 December 1988, succeeding the Sri Lanka Management Association which was formed on 5 May 1978. It is a full member of the Asian Association of Management Organisations (AAMO), representing Sri Lanka.
The Vietnam Mennonite Church is a Mennonite denomination in Vietnam, with head offices in Ho Chi Minh City. It is a member of the Mennonite World Conference.
Pascale Boyer (born 28 September 1965) is a French politician of Renaissance (RE). She was elected to the French National Assembly on 18 June 2017, representing Hautes-Alpes's 1st constituency. After coming in second in the first round election in 2022, she was narrowly reelected in the second round, defeating Michel Philippo of LFI.
This is a list of rivers in Mali. This list is arranged  by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.
Nemomydas melanopogon is a species of mydas flies in the family Mydidae.
Lafat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Leonard F. Becker (January 15, 1920 – May 4, 1991) was an American politician and businessman.
Becker was born in Chicago, Illinois. He served in the United States Army during World War II. Becker went to Roosevelt University. He worked at Western Electrical Company and lived in Cicero, Illinois. Becker served assistant director of the Illinois Department of Labor in 1977 and 1978. He served in the Illinois Senate from 1979 to 1985 and was a Republican. Becker died at Hinsdale Suburban Hospital in Hinsdale, Illinois.
Oregon Route 53 is an Oregon state highway that runs through a pair of river valleys in the Oregon Coast range; those of the Necanicum River and the Nehalem River.  OR 53 traverses the Necanicum Highway No. 46 of the Oregon state highway system.


Peel, also known as An Exercise in Discipline – Peel, is a 1986 Australian short film directed by Jane Campion. A father along with his son and sister are taking a trip, during which an orange peel has significance.  Peel won the Short Film Palme d'Or at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival, making Campion the first ever woman to win the award.
Drosophila robusta is a fly species in the genus Drosophila, first described by Alfred Sturtevant in 1916.
Rising Moon: Setting Sun is the third studio album by American metalcore band Sirens and Sailors. The album was released on August 7, 2015 through Artery Recordings.
The Cautionary Towns were three strategic Dutch towns which, under the 1585 Treaty of Nonsuch, were held by English troops as security for assistance provided by Elizabeth I during the Eighty Years' War against Spain. They included Brill (Brielle) in Holland and Flushing (Vlissingen) and Fort Rammekens on the nearby island of Walcheren. The bases were returned to the Dutch Republic in 1616.
Interference lithography (or holographic lithography) is a technique for patterning regular arrays of fine features, without the use of complex optical systems or photomasks.
Tshilenge District was one of the districts of former Kasai-Oriental province (1966–2015) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. While it enclosed the city of Mbuji-Mayi, the city was administered independently. As specified under Article 2 of the country's 2006 Constitution, in 2015 the district was merged with the city of Mbuji-Mayi to form the new province Kasai Oriental. The capital of the province is Mbuji-Mayi.
The New Zealand Cricket Awards (also known as ANZ New Zealand Cricket Awards for sponsorship reasons) are a set of annual cricket awards given by New Zealand Cricket. The awards recognise and honour the best of New Zealander players, match officials and adminstrators.
Ethmer Cletus "Slim" Rhodes (April 27, 1912 – March 10, 1966) was an American country music and rockabilly guitarist and vocalist popular during the 1940s and 50s with his band, Slim Rhodes and His Mountaineers.
Elard Hugo Meyer (6 October 1837 – 11 February 1908) was a German philologist who specialized in Germanic and Indo-European studies.
Onykia ingens, the greater hooked squid, is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. It occurs worldwide in subantarctic oceans.
Although O. ingens was long attributed to the genus Moroteuthis, several authors have recently agreed that Moroteuthis is a junior synonym of Onykia.
"After Awhile" is an album by country music singer-songwriter Jimmie Dale Gilmore.  It was released in 1991 as his debut album for Elektra Nonesuch Records.
Herle may refer to:

Heerlen, a city in the Netherlands
Herle (surname), a list of people with the name
Trifluoronitrosomethane (commonly abbreviated TFNM) is a toxic organic compound consisting of a trifluoromethyl group covalently bound to a nitroso group. Its distinctive deep blue color is unusual for a gas.
The I-205 busway was a partially built busway along the right-of-way of the Interstate 205 freeway in Portland, Oregon.  Although it never opened as a busway, its right-of-way has been in use by light rail lines partially since 2001 and fully since 2009.
The transitway, which was physically separate from the parallel freeway lanes, was planned in the mid- and late 1970s as part of the final segment of I-205.  Only a graded route with several entrance ramps and two underpass tunnels under I-205 were built.  No bridges or overpasses were built until later adaptation for use by MAX Light Rail trains.
The transitway's right-of-way started in the median of I-205 near Portland International Airport and ran south to the junction of I-205 & I-84, where it continued through an underpass under the northbound lanes of I-205. From here it followed the freeway's east embankment to just south of Market Street, where it once again entered a tunnel taking it under the freeway. This tunnel took the right-of-way underneath all lanes (both directions) of  I-205, surfacing west of the freeway's southbound lanes at a point just north of Division Street. From there, it continued south along the west side of I-205 to SE Foster Road, where it ended. The entire transitway has now been adapted for use by TriMet light rail trains.


Jeffrey Doyle Sellers (born May 11, 1964) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox.
This is a list of varieties of tteok, traditional rice cakes in Korean cuisine.
Alan Newton (born 19 March 1931) is a retired track cyclist from Great Britain. Born in Stockport, Cheshire, Newton began cycling in 1946, with the Manchester Wheelers' Club. He represented his native country at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. There he won the bronze medal in the men's 4,000 metres team pursuit, alongside Donald Burgess, George Newberry, and Ronald Stretton. He also competed at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships where they finished 4th.
Newton was completing an apprenticeship to become an electrician at the time he was competing, and said the training consisted of 40 hours a week, riding his bike with a toolkit on his back. An off-road cycling route from Marple to Stockport, the Alan Newton Way, is named in his honour.
Hans-Peter Feldmann (17 January 1941 – 24 May 2023) was a German visual artist. Feldmann's approach to art-making was one of collecting, ordering, and re-presenting.
Infinity Within is the second studio album by American house and club/dance group Deee-Lite. Released in 1992 on Elektra, the second album, through its lyrical content, instrumentation, and overall tone, showcases the band's political activism as a more literal part of the music than on their debut album, World Clique (1990).
"Runaway", the lead single from the album, is Deee-Lite's fourth single to top the Billboard dance chart, helping to establish their success in the musical genre beyond World Clique.
This is a list of writings published by Sigmund Freud. Books are either linked or in italics.


FC Kolos Krasnodar (Russian: ФК «Колос» Краснодар) was a Russian football team from Krasnodar. It played professionally from 1992 to 1996, including two seasons (1993 and 1995) in the second-highest Russian First Division.
Mikiel'Ang Grima (also known as Michel'Angelo Grima) (15 September 1729 – 25 August 1798) was a Maltese surgeon during the times of the Knights of Malta. He was particularly adept at traumatic surgery. Grima was able to open bladders and remove stones in only two and a half minutes.
James III (10 July 1451/May 1452 – 11 June 1488) was King of Scots from 1460 until his death at the Battle of Sauchieburn in 1488. He inherited the throne as a child following the death of his father, King James II, at the siege of Roxburgh Castle. James III's reign began with a minority that lasted almost a decade, during which Scotland was governed by a series of regents and factions who struggled for possession of the young king before his personal rule began in 1469.
James III was an unpopular and ineffective king and was confronted with two major rebellions during his reign. He was much criticised by contemporaries and later chroniclers for his promotion of unrealistic schemes to invade or take possession of Brittany, Guelders and Saintonge at the expense of his regular duties as king. While his reign saw Scotland reach its greatest territorial extent with the acquisition of Orkney and Shetland through his marriage to Margaret of Denmark, James was accused of debasing the coinage, hoarding money, failing to resolve feuds and enforce criminal justice, and pursuing an unpopular policy of alliance with England. His preference for his own "low-born" favourites at court and in government alienated many of his bishops and nobles, as well as members of his own family, leading to tense relationships with his brothers, his wife, and his heir. In 1482, James's brother, Alexander, Duke of Albany, attempted to usurp the throne with the aid of an invading English army, which led to the loss of Berwick-upon-Tweed and a coup by a group of nobles which saw the king imprisoned for a time, before being restored to power.
James's reputation as Scotland's first Renaissance monarch has sometimes been exaggerated. The artistic legacy of his reign was slight when compared to that of his two immediate successors, and consists of the patronage of painters and musicians, coins that display realistic portraits of the king, the Trinity Altarpiece, and the King's Chapel at Restalrig. James III was killed at the Battle of Sauchieburn, following a rebellion in which his heir was the figurehead of the rebels, and succeeded him as James IV.
The Peace River (French: rivière de la Paix) is a 1,923-kilometre-long (1,195 mi) river in Canada that originates in the Rocky Mountains of northern British Columbia and flows to the northeast through northern Alberta. The Peace River joins the Athabasca River in the Peace-Athabasca Delta to form the Slave River, a tributary of the Mackenzie River. The Finlay River, the main headwater of the Peace River, is regarded as the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River. The combined Finlay–Peace–Slave–Mackenzie river system is the 13th longest river system in the world.
The adjective kaiserlich-königlich (usually abbreviated to k. k.), German for imperial–royal, was applied to the authorities and state institutions of the Austrian Empire until the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867, which established the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Thereafter the abbreviation k. k. only applied to institutions of the so-called Cisleithania (i.e. those lands not part of the Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen/Transleithania: Hungary and Croatia-Slavonia; Bosnia and Herzegovina, annexed in 1878 from the Ottoman Empire, was a condominium of Cis- and Transleithania). Common institutions of both halves of the empire were described from 1867 to 1918 as kaiserlich und königlich/k. u. k. ("imperial and royal"). Contrary to the regulations, the Common Army continued to use the  abbreviation k. k. to describe itself until 1889.
Today, the abbreviation k. k. is often loosely replaced by k. u. k. ("k and k"), but the two terms are historically and legally distinct. The prefix k. u. k. (kaiserlich und königlich) only properly referred to the authorities and institutions of both halves of the empire. The first k. (kaiserlich = "imperial") referred to the Emperor of Austria. In k. k., the second k. (königlich = "royal", literally "kingly") referred, from 1867, to the King of Bohemia (the Kingdom of Bohemia/Lands of the Bohemian Crown were part of Cisleithania). In k. u. k., the second k. (königlich) referred to the King of Hungary. Both the titles King of Bohemia and King of Hungary were borne by the Emperor.
The abbreviation h. k. k., which was frequently used in connection with the central ministries, meant "high" imperial–royal (hohes kaiserlich-königliches), e.g. in h. k. k. Ministerium für Kultus und Unterricht, h. k. k. Statthalterei für Tirol und Vorarlberg, h. k. k. Ministerium für Handel und Volkswirthschaft, etc.
Maja Haderlap (born 8 March 1961 in Eisenkappel-Vellach (Slovene: Železna Kapla-Bela, Carinthia)) is a bilingual Slovenian-German Austrian writer, best known for her multiple-award-winning novel, Angel of Oblivion, about the Slovene ethnic minority's transgenerational trauma of being treated as 'homeland traitors' by the German-speaking Austrian neighbors, because they were the only ever-existing military resistance against National Socialism in Austria.
In data science, sameAs or exactMatch is a method of indicating that the subject of, or entity represented by, two resources is considered to be one and the same thing. It is a key part of the Semantic Web.


Grand Master Hong Sung-chon (May 3, 1945) is an early proponent of Taekwondo in the Philippines. In 1975, Grand Master Hong came to the Philippines to promote Taekwondo, eventually establishing the Philippine Taekwondo Association (PTA). He is Kukkiwon's chairman of the board and directors. He is the vice-president of the Philippine Taekwondo Association.


In Scots law, an interdict is a court order to stop someone from breaching someone else's rights. They can be issued by the Court of Session or a Sheriff Court. The equivalent term in England is an injunction. A temporary interdict is called an interim interdict. A court will grant an interim interdict if there is a prima facie case and on the balance of convenience the remedy should be granted.  Breaching an interdict can result in a fine or imprisonment.
Yasamin Mostofi is an Iranian-American Scientist and a Professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of California Santa Barbara.  Yasamin’s research is multi-disciplinary, expanding wireless communications, sensing, and control/robotics.
USS Cybele (AKS-10) was an Acubens-class general stores issue ship commissioned by the U.S. Navy for service in World War II. She was responsible for delivering and disbursing goods and equipment to locations in the Pacific war zone. The vessel was launched on 9 October 1944 by Delta Shipbuilding Co., New Orleans, Louisiana and entered service with the U.S. Navy on 16 April 1945. The vessel was decommissioned on 22 August 1946 and transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal on 24 April 1947. The vessel was scrapped in 1965.
Paulo Malhães was a Brazilian Army officer who died during a home invasion and robbery.
Shortly before his death Malhães had acknowledged he had tortured and killed dissidents during the Brazilian military dictatorship, and was unapologetic for doing so.
According to the South China Morning Post his death was suspected to have been an act of retaliation, but his autopsy demonstrated that he died of a heart attack.
Malhães first spoke about serving as a torturer in 2012, to the Truth Commission, forty years after he had been assigned to manage a safehouse in Petrópolis, colloquially known as Casa da Morte—the "house of death"—where torture was routine.  His work in 1970-1972 consisted of torture and interrogation of suspected political opponents of the regime.  According to Malhães, the nominal goal of the activities in the safe house was to convince the suspects to agree to serve as double agents.  According to Malhães, in addition to ending their torture those suspects who agreed to serve as double agents would receive clandestine payments as incentives.  However, the only suspect he described agreeing to serve as a double agent, Inês Etienne Romeu, was later deemed to have been insincere, and was imprisoned for a further eight years.  Details of the activities at the "house of death" was the safehouse was colloquially known were first confirmed in her 1979 memoirs.
At least 22 suspects held in the house died.
Malhães acknowledged that Carlos Alberto Soares de Freitas, a high-profile regime opponent who had disappeared, and was never seen again, had been held in the house.  But he claimed that former Congressman Rubens Paiva must have been held elsewhere.
The 1972 College Football All-America team is composed of college football players who were selected as All-Americans by various organizations and writers that chose College Football All-America Teams in 1972. The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) recognizes six selectors as "official" for the 1972 season. They are: (1) the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) which selected its team for Kodak based on a vote of the nation's coaches; (2) the Associated Press (AP) selected based on the votes of sports writers at AP newspapers; (3) the Football Writers Association of America (FWAA) selected by the nation's football writers; (4) the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA) selected based on the votes of sports writers at NEA newspapers; (5) the United Press International (UPI) selected based on the votes of sports writers at UPI newspapers; and (6) the Walter Camp Football Foundation (WC).
Eight players are recognized by the NCAA as unanimous All-America selections. They are: (1) wide receiver and 1972 Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Rodgers of Nebraska; (2) tight end Charles Young of USC; (3) offensive tackle Jerry Sisemore of Texas; (4) offensive guard John Hannah of Alabama; (5) running back Greg Pruitt of Oklahoma; (6) defensive tackle Greg Marx of Notre Dame; (7) middle guard Rich Glover of Nebraska; and (8) defensive back Brad Van Pelt of Michigan State.
Pierpont Morgan Hamilton (August 3, 1898 – March 4, 1982) was a military officer in the United States Air Force, and the scion of two illustrious families in American history: the Hamilton family, which traces its lineage to founding father Alexander Hamilton, and the Morgan family, which traces its lineage to the financier and banker J. P. Morgan.
As a United States Army Air Forces officer in World War II, he was the recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. Hamilton and Col. Demas T. Craw were the first Army Air Forces recipients of the Medal in the European-Mediterranean theater of World War II and the only AAF members to be awarded that decoration for valor not involving air combat.
Morphine-6-glucuronide (M6G) is a major active metabolite of morphine. M6G is formed from morphine by the enzyme UGT2B7. It has analgesic effects more potent than morphine. M6G can accumulate to toxic levels in kidney failure.
Local elections was held in Malabon on May 9, 2022 within the Philippine general election. The voters will elect for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, the two Congressmen, and the twelve councilors for the city's two Sangguniang Panglungsod districts, six for each district.
Several ships have been named John and James:

John and James (1792 ship) was built in Philadelphia in 1792. On a voyage to Europe a French frigate captured her; the French government eventually released her and paid an indemnity to her owner. She then made a voyage for the British East India Company (EIC). On a second voyage a French privateer captured her.
John and James (1796 ship) was built in France in 1791 under another name and taken in prize in 1796. New owners renamed her and initially sailed her as a West Indiaman. She then made a voyage for the British East India Company (EIC). Next, she became a slave ship, making three voyages between West Africa and the West Indies. Finally, she became a whaler, but was lost in 1806 to a mutinous crew.
John and James was a Nantucket whaler that between 1808 and 1813 made four whaling voyages. On 6 December 1813 as John and James, Crosby, master, was returning from Chili with 1000 barrels of oil, Pomone captured her and sent her into Bermuda.
Citations
József Tóth (18 March 1940 – 7 February 2013) was a Hungarian geographer and academic, who served as Rector of the University of Pécs between 1997 and 2003.
James Greenacre (1785–1837) was an English grocer and the "Edgware Road Murderer".
Eduard Schlagintweit (23 March 1831 – 10 July, 1866) was the third of the five Schlagintweit brothers of Munich.
Marcelo Mirisola (born in São Paulo on May 9, 1966) is a contemporary Brazilian author. He is usually known for his scatological, innovative, and comic writing style, and for his ingenious interplay between autobiography and fiction. His literary production includes short stories, novels, chronicles, and theater pieces, and is influenced by authors like John Fante, Henry Miller, Charles Bukowski, Louis-Ferdinand Céline, and Marcia Denser, among others. He has collaborated regularly for Brazilian magazines, newspapers and websites. Mirisola holds a bachelor's degree in law, but has never practiced the profession. In 2020 Mirisola won a prize from the Programa de Ação Cultural (PROAC) as a recognition for his outstanding body of work.
Brett Montgomery (born 1 June 1973) is a retired Australian rules football player and current assistant coach with the Greater Western Sydney Giants.


Safet Osja (born 17 October 1975) is an Albanian retired footballer who last played as a midfielder for KS Ada Velipojë in the Albanian First Division.
Osja was previously with KS Vllaznia Shkodër and he played for them in the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League.
Arturo Mundet Carbó (Catalan: Artur Mundet i Carbó, IPA: [aɾˈtuɾ munˈdet j kaɾˈβo]; Sant Antoni de Calonge, 8 April 1879 - Mexico City, 4 July 1965) was a Catalan businessman based in Mexico.
Arturo Mundet came from a family of Catalan cork manufacturers, and first travelled to Mexico to establish a branch of the company business there. In 1902, he created the Sidral Mundet apple flavoured soft drink which was destined to become popular in the Mexican market and beyond.
He was known for his philanthropic work, including the creation of the Recinte Mundet in Barcelona and the Germandat de Sant Antoni de Calonge in his place of birth. The Parque Arturo Mundet in Mexico City bears his name, as does the Casa Hogar para Ancianos Arturo Mundet, an old people's home in the same city.
Frozen Niagara Falls is a double album by the American musical project Prurient, the performing name of Dominick Fernow. It was released on May 12, 2015 through Profound Lore Records. Leading up to its official release date, Frozen Niagara Falls was promoted with online streams of "Dragonflies to Sew You Up" and "Greenpoint".
Joseph John Urso (September 17, 1916 – April 27, 1991) was an American professional basketball player and head coach. He played in the National Basketball League for the Pittsburgh Raiders during the 1944–45 season as well as for the Youngstown Bears during the 1945–46 season. Urso served as a player-coach for the Raiders (the only year the team existed). In college, he lettered in both basketball and golf at Duquesne University.
Cophophlebia is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
XHJAP-FM is a radio station in Villahermosa, Tabasco, Mexico. Broadcasting on 90.9 FM, XHJAP is owned by Grupo Cantón and is known as Tabasco Hoy Radio. It is co-owned with the Tabasco Hoy newspaper.
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1943 federal election.
Yuji Takenouchi (竹ノ内 裕治, Takenouchi Yūji, born February 25, 1969), also known as TECHNOuchi, is a Japanese composer, sound designer, and musician.
Hato Puerco is a barrio in the municipality of Canóvanas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 7,379.


Actinoplanes lichenis is a bacterium from the genus Actinoplanes which has been isolated from lichen in Thailand.
Marsden was a former parliamentary electorate, in the Whangarei District and in the Northland Region of New Zealand, which existed from 1858 to 1972. Upon its abolition, Marsden was replaced with the Whangarei electorate.
Joseph Sandy "Buddy" Hackman (February 6, 1906 – June 25, 1987) was an American football player and coach of football and basketball.
Dinosaur Dreaming is a paleontological site situated near Inverloch, Victoria, Australia. Remains of primitive mammals from the Cretaceous Age were first uncovered there in 1997 by researchers from Museum Victoria and the Monash University Science Centre.
The remains of early mammals, dinosaurs, and fossil bones of Cretaceous Age reptiles, birds, and fishes can be found at the Inverloch dig site. Australia's first dinosaur bone, the Cape Paterson Claw, was discovered near Inverloch in 1903 by William Hamilton Ferguson.  The fossils at Inverloch date to the mid Cretaceous.
Harold Burris-Meyer (1902-September 27, 1984) was a twentieth century American scientist who investigated the use of sound as a tool for emotional and physiological control and played a critical role in the emerging fields of sound design for theater, productivity music for industry, and applied psychoacoustics for warfare. He was a professor at the Stevens Institute of Technology, in Hoboken, New Jersey. He was also an author, a U.S. Navy commander, and a theatrical consultant.
During a long and varied career, Burris-Meyer worked at the Muzak Corporation, directed the first stereophonic recordings for Bell Labs in 1941, experimented with the Vocoder, and served as sound designer on thirteen Broadway shows, as well as on productions for the Metropolitan Opera and the Federal Theater Project.
Burris-Meyer pioneered the use of "infrasound (sound with a frequency below the lower limit of human audibility)" in theater settings to "manipulate audiences' emotions subconsciously," wrote historian Prof. Gascia Ouzounian. "Following a demonstration [by Burris-Meyer] of 'subsonics' in 1935, journalists speculated on the possibilities of mind control and mass hysteria."
Sorbus harrowiana, commonly known as Harrow rowan, is a species of rowan. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant in parks and gardens.
This is a list of destinations served or previously served by Norwegian Air Shuttle and its integrated subsidiaries as of April 2021.
The list includes destinations collectively served by Norwegian Air Shuttle, its active integrated subsidiary Norwegian Air Sweden, as well as its defunct subsidiaries Norwegian Air Argentina, Norwegian Air International, Norwegian Air UK, and Norwegian Long Haul over the airline group's history. The list excludes airports only operated to by charter services.
It includes the destination's country (or applicable territory), city, airport name, with the airline's notable statuses marked if applicable, such as seasonality, as a base, as a future destination (with an accompanying launch date), or as a terminated destination.
Bullimus is a genus of rodent from the Philippines, as first catalogued by Mearns, in 1905.
The Bradford County School District manages public education in Bradford County, Florida. Its main office is in Starke, Florida. Schools in the district include:

Bradford High School (Florida)
Bradford Middle School
Starke Elementary School
Southside Elementary School
Brooker Elementary School
Hampton Elementary School
Lawtey Elementary School
Center Township may refer to:
Melerson Guy Dunham (May 6, 1904 – December 1985) was an American educator and activist from the state of Mississippi. She put herself through college and graduate school working in the fields and as a domestic worker. Mississippi Minister Industrial College awarded her an honorary doctorate. Dunham taught history, literature, and social science over her career at Alcorn Agricultural and Mechanical College and Prentiss Institute. At both schools she created weekend programs for Rural and Urban Black Women Leaders and Rural and Urban Black Women Leaders about overcoming challenges.
Dunham was active in educational, religious, and civic organizations throughout her life, founding and leading a number of them. She and her husband helped five people complete their education to become ministers, a teacher, and a medical clinician. Dunham attained the title "Mom", although she had no children of her own, for the support that she provided young people. She established an organization for young ladies to obtain opportunities to work, receive mentoring, and learn and provide life-saving medical care.
Dunham was recognized as a historian due to her membership in three history organizations and having published the book entitled Centennial History of Alcorn College. She received the black history award at the University of Southern Mississippi.
Experimental Audio Research (commonly shortened to E.A.R. or EAR) is an experimental music collective formed around Peter Kember (a.k.a. Sonic Boom), formerly of Spacemen 3.  While Spacemen 3 were a relatively traditional rock and roll band with strong experimental leanings, E.A.R. is essentially a free improvisation project, creating instrumental music characterized by lengthy, droning textures and slowly evolving structures.
The line-up often included Sonic Boom (Spectrum, Spacemen 3), Kevin Martin (God), Kevin Shields (My Bloody Valentine), and Eddie Prévost (AMM). Past collaborators include Lawrence Chandler of Bowery Electric, Nick Kramer, Delia Derbyshire and Thomas Köner, plus various members of Spectrum, though it is generally considered a Kember solo project. The collective is one of Kember's several post-Spacemen 3 projects, which also include Spectrum, as well albums released under the Sonic Boom moniker.
The men's 60 kg judo competition at the 2020 Summer Paralympics was held on 27 August 2021 at the Nippon Budokan.
The LH engine was a series of V6 engines developed by Chrysler Corporation for its LH platform cars. It is a 60-degree V6 designed for front-wheel drive applications, later adapted to rear-wheel drive ones. The 2.7 liter LH engine is based on the SOHC 3.5 L engine, though bore spacing, cylinder bore, stroke, and assembly site are different.
McEwan Hall (Scottish Gaelic: Talla MhicEòghainn) is the graduation hall of the University of Edinburgh, in Edinburgh, Scotland. Designed by architect Sir Robert Rowand Anderson, it was funded by philanthropist William McEwan at a total cost of £115,000 (approx. £16.5 million today). Completed in 1897, McEwan Hall today is a category A listed building.
Grand Prix motorcycle racing is the premier championship of motorcycle road racing, which has been divided into three classes since 1997: 125cc, 250cc and MotoGP. Former classes that have been discontinued include 350cc, 50cc/80cc and Sidecar. The premier class is MotoGP, which was formerly known as the 500cc class. The Grand Prix Road-Racing World Championship was established in 1949 by the sport's governing body, the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM), and is the oldest motorsport World Championship in existence. The motorcycles used in MotoGP are purpose-built for the sport, and are unavailable for purchase by the general public because they cannot be legally ridden on public roads. From the mid-1970s to 2002, the top class of GP racing allowed 500cc with a maximum of four cylinders, regardless of whether the engine was a two-stroke or four-stroke. Rule changes were introduced in 2002, to facilitate the phasing out of two-stroke engines.
Each season consists of 6 to 20 Grands Prix contested on closed circuits, as opposed to public roads. Points earned in these events count toward the riders' and constructors' world championships. The riders' and constructors' championship are separate championships, but are based on the same point system. The number of points awarded at the end of each race to the top 15 qualifying riders depends on their placement. Points received by each finisher, from first place to 15th place: 25, 20, 16, 13, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Historically, there have been several points systems. Results from all current Grands Prix count towards the championships; in the past, only a certain number of results were counted.
Giacomo Agostini has won the most championships, with eight, including a record seven championships in succession from 1966 to 1972. Marc Márquez is the youngest to win the championship; he was 20 years and 266 days old when he became champion in 2013. Italian riders have won the most championships; seven riders have won a total of twenty-one championships. Riders from Great Britain have won the second most; six riders have won a total of seventeen championships. Riders from the United States have won the third most, as seven riders have won a total of fifteen championships. Leslie Graham won the inaugural championship in 1949.
The 2013 Brownlow Medal was the 86th year the award was presented to the player adjudged the fairest and best player during the Australian Football League (AFL) home and away season. Gary Ablett of the Gold Coast Football Club won the medal for the second time by polling twenty-eight votes during the 2013 AFL season.
Pocahontas Fuel Company Store and Office Buildings are a historic company store and an office building located at Jenkinjones, McDowell County, West Virginia.  Both buildings were designed by architect Alex B. Mahood and built in 1917. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Carel de Iongh (6 October 1883 – 2 June 1964) was a Dutch sports shooter. He competed in two events at the 1924 Summer Olympics.


Bojoscutellum is a genus of trilobites in the order Corynexochida family Styginidae.
These trilobites were nektobenthic carnivore. They lived in the Devonian period in the Eifelian age (395 million years ago).
Gothic Summer is the sixth studio album by Australian duo the Veronicas, released on 22 March 2024. It was announced in October 2023.
In an interview with Rolling Stone, Jess said "The whole theme of Gothic Summer is that it's basically exploring social commentary on what we think is reality versus how we create our reality. It's a very metaphorical album."
And in an interview with Kyle Meredith, the duo reported that some songs had been influenced by bands like The B-52's and The Cramps "[It's] more of the music that we grew up listening to, rather than what you would expect The Veronicas to make for a radio song, if that makes sense."
5th Ohio Battery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Kraljevo Sports Hall (Serbian: Hala sportova u Kraljevu) is a multi-use indoor arena in Kraljevo, Serbia. The arena has a total capacity of 6,000. It is used mostly for team handball and basketball matches since it is the home arena of basketball teams KK Sloga and KK Mašinac as well as volleyball team OK Ribnica.
The arena was officially opened on 11 February 2015.
In March 2015 Serbia played against Croatia for the Davis Cup first round, while the following year Serbia's Fed Cup team received Spain for the Fed Cup World Group II at this stadium.
USS Pitkin County (LST-1082) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after Pitkin County, Colorado, she was the only U.S. Naval Vessel to bear the name.
Originally laid down as LST-1082 on 18 November 1944 by the American Bridge Company of Ambridge, Pennsylvania. The ship was launched on 26 January 1945, sponsored by Mrs. Stephen Anzio; departed Ambridge on 26 January 1945 under a ferry crew which piloted her down the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers to the U.S. Naval Repair Base, Algiers, Louisiana; and commissioned at New Orleans on 7 February 1945.
Arizona v. California is a set of United States Supreme Court cases, all dealing with disputes over water distribution from the Colorado River between the states of Arizona and California. It also covers the amount of water that the State of Nevada receives from the river as well.
When a dispute arises between two states, the case is filed for original jurisdiction with the United States Supreme Court. This is one of the very limited circumstances where the Court has original jurisdiction; that is, as a trial court and no lower may hear the case. In all other cases, the Court acts as the highest level appellate court in the United States.
The cases involved were all named Arizona v. California, and were decided in 1931, 1934, 1936, 1963, 1964, 1966, 1979, 1983, 1984, and 2000.
The original decision, 283 U.S. 423 (1931), specified the amount of water to which Arizona was entitled under the Colorado River Compact of 1922.
Since then, the case has been relitigated several times because of Arizona's claims of California using more water than it is entitled.
The court determined that the Secretary of the Interior was not bound by Prior-appropriation water rights in allocating water among the states, within the 1964 decree.

292 U.S. 341 (1934): Arizona argued that the Colorado River Compact was unconstitutional.
298 U.S. 558 (1936): Arizona requested that the Supreme Court:
specify an amount of Colorado River water for Arizona's use
limit the amount allotted to California
373 U.S. 546 (1963): The court specified the amount of water to which each state in the Colorado River Compact was entitled.
376 U.S. 340 (1964): The court adjusted the amounts of water specified in 373 US 546.
383 U.S. 268 (1966): The court adjusted its previous decree.
439 U.S. 419 (1979): The court adjusted the specified amounts of water for all parties to the case.
460 U.S. 605 (1983): The court issued a decree regarding unadjudicated rights of Indian tribes to Colorado River water.
466 U.S. 144 (1984): The court adjusted its previous decree.
531 U.S. 1 (2000): The court adjusted the specified amounts of water for several parties to the case.
547 U.S. 150 (2006): The court approved a consolidated decree.
In summary, as long as at least 7,500,000 acre-feet (9.3 km3) of water is available from the Colorado River, California is allocated 4,400,000 acre⋅ft (5.4 km3); Nevada, 300,000 acre⋅ft (0.37 km3); and Arizona, the remainder.  If more water is available, California is entitled to 50% of the water from the Colorado River, Arizona to 46%, and Nevada to 4%.  If less water is available, the Secretary of the Interior must allocate the water according to various formulas (which were the subjects of the court cases) to ensure that each state receives a specified amount, with California receiving an absolute fixed maximum of 4,400,000 acre-feet (5.4 km3) per year (376 U.S. 342). Some of the adjustments involved rights of the U.S. Government with respect to supplying water to Indian tribes pursuant to Executive Orders signed by the President of the United States as far back as 1907.
The 1962 oral arguments set a modern record for the Supreme Court: 16 hours over four days.
The Sussex-Wantage Regional School District is a comprehensive regional public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Sussex Borough and Wantage Township, two municipalities in northern Sussex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
As of the 2019–20 school year, the district, comprising three schools, had an enrollment of 1,049 students and 99.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.6:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "FG", the fourth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For ninth through twelfth grades, public school students from both Sussex and Wantage attend High Point Regional High School, together with students from Branchville, Frankford Township, Lafayette Township and Montague Township. As of the 2019–20 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 866 students and 76.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.3:1.


Eleniceras stevrecensis is an extinct species of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonoidea subclass.  This animal lived 140–129 million years ago during the  Hauterivian in Europe.
"Shower Me with Your Love" is a 1989 single by American band Surface from their second studio album 2nd Wave (1988). The song was one of their most popular to date becoming the group's second number one on the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart, where it stayed for one week. "Shower Me with Your Love" was also a successful crossover hit peaking at number five on the Hot 100.


The Legend of the Strongest, Kurosawa! (Japanese: 最強伝説 黒沢, Hepburn: Saikyō Densetsu Kurosawa) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuyuki Fukumoto. It was published in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Big Comic Original from 2002 to 2006. It was followed by a sequel Shin Kurosawa:Saikyō Densetsu, which ran in the same magazine from 2013 to 2020. A spin-off focused on the first series' secondary character Shūhei Nakane, titled Saitsuyo Densetsu Nakane, was serialized on Yawaraka Spirits website from 2017 to 2020.
Corinth is an unincorporated community in Polk County, Arkansas, United States. Corinth is located on Arkansas Highway 88, 3.2 miles (5.1 km) east of Mena.


Hilary Robinson is a British academic and art theorist. She was granted the 2024 annual Award for Distinction in Femininst Art History by the College Art Association. She is Professor of Feminism, Art, and Theory at Loughborough University's School of Social Sciences and Humanities. She was Dean of the School of Art and Design and a professor at Middlesex University, and previously served as Dean of the College of Fine Arts at Carnegie Mellon University. Her research focuses on the history, theory, and practice of feminist art.
Lady Ranu Mukherjee (born as Priti Adhikary) (1907 – 2002) was a notable patron of art, and one of the most famous personalities in the sphere of Indian arts and culture. She became Rabindranath Tagore's muse, during the last years of the poet's life, and their relationship remains a fascinating tale of creative dynamics, respect and platonic poetic love. Her appreciation of art and literature had a distinct Tagorean sensibility. She is credited to have established the Academy of Fine Arts, Kolkata, and was honoured with the Légion d'Honneur by the Government of France.
Gualosuchus is an extinct genus of proterochampsian archosauriform from the Middle Triassic Chañares Formation of Argentina. The type and only species is Gualosuchus reigi, named by paleontologist Alfred Romer in 1971.  Its skull length is 40 cm long making it quite a large proterochampsids. Gualosuchus also said to have a more robust humerus and tibia compared to other proterochampsids.
Nicholas John Turner,  is a British chemist and a Professor in the Department of Chemistry at The University of Manchester. His research in general is based on biochemistry and organic chemistry, specifically on biotechnology, cell biology, biocatalysis and organic synthesis.
Sperlonga (locally Spelonghe) is a coastal town in the province of Latina, Italy, about halfway between Rome and Naples. It is best known for the ancient Roman sea grotto discovered in the grounds of the Villa of Tiberius containing the important and spectacular Sperlonga sculptures, which are displayed in a museum on the site. 
Surrounding towns include Terracina to the West, Fondi to the North, Itri to the North-East, and Gaeta to the East. It is one of I Borghi più belli d'Italia ("The most beautiful villages of Italy").
The North Dakota State Penitentiary is a part of the North Dakota Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation and is located in Bismarck, North Dakota.  As of January 2013 the prison population stood at a record level of 1,550 inmates.
This article is a list of diseases of sugarcane (Saccharum spp. hybrids).


Ritmo, Ritual e Responsa (Portuguese for "Rhythm, Ritual and Responsibility") is the eighth studio album by Brazilian alternative rock band Charlie Brown Jr. Their final studio release with drummer Pinguim Ruas, who left the band one year later, it came out on November 15, 2007, through EMI. Billed as the first part of the soundtrack of the film O Magnata (even though a second part was never formally planned or released), written and co-produced by vocalist Chorão, and serving as somewhat of a concept album inspired by key events of the film, it counted with guest appearances by bands and artists such as MV Bill, João Gordo, Paranormal Attack, Forfun, Sacramento MCs and Markon Lobotomia.
The album's first single, "Não Viva em Vão", was released in advance on April 9, 2007, coinciding with Chorão's 37th birthday. It was followed by the hits "Pontes Indestrutíveis", "Be Myself" and "Uma Criança com Seu Olhar"; the first two were included in the soundtracks of Rede Globo's telenovelas Amor à Vida (2013–2014) and Duas Caras (2007–2008), respectively. The music video for "Não Viva em Vão" received a nomination for the MTV Video Music Brazil award in the "Video of the Year" category in 2007; the following year, "Pontes Indestrutíveis" was nominated in the "Video of the Year" and "Hit of the Year" categories.
In 2008, Ritmo, Ritual e Responsa was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award for Best Portuguese Language Rock or Alternative Album; the band's fourth release to receive a nomination following Nadando com os Tubarões, Bocas Ordinárias and Imunidade Musical.
Addiction vulnerability is an individual's risk of developing an addiction during their lifetime. There are a range of genetic and environmental risk factors for developing an addiction that vary across the population. Genetic and environmental risk factors each account for roughly half of an individual's risk for developing an addiction; the contribution from epigenetic (inheritable traits) risk factors to the total risk is unknown. Even in individuals with a relatively low genetic risk, exposure to sufficiently high doses of an addictive drug for a long period of time (e.g., weeks–months) can result in an addiction. In other words, anyone can become an individual with a substance use disorder under particular circumstances. Research is working toward establishing a comprehensive picture of the neurobiology of addiction vulnerability, including all factors at work in propensity for addiction.
In computing, info is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) scheme which enables identifiers from public namespaces to be represented as URIs, when they would otherwise have no canonical URL form, such as Library of Congress identifiers, Handle System handles, and Digital object identifiers.
Andrea Elizabeth Dawkins is an Australian former politician and animal welfare worker. She represented Bass in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 9 June 2015, when she was elected in a countback to replace Kim Booth, until 3 March 2018, when she was defeated at the 2018 state election. She represented the Tasmanian Greens.
In August 2018, Dawkins announced that she would stand for deputy mayor of the City of Launceston as an independent, confirming she had ended her membership of the Greens.
Dawkins attended Launceston College, and holds a Diploma of Management. Prior to her election, Dawkins served as an alderman on Launceston City Council. She also developed and ran a social enterprise café called "Fresh on Charles" on Charles Street, Launceston from 1999 until 2013, when she sold the business. Following this, she worked in business development at Josef Chromy Wines, and later as manager of the Launceston Harvest Market.
She has two daughters with partner Mark Kershaw.
William F. Kruse (1894–1979) was an important head of the Young People's Socialist League (YPSL) in the 1910s. He was a member of the Socialist Party of America until 1921, acting as a leader of the party's Left Wing faction, loyal to the Third International (Comintern). Thereafter he joined the Workers Party of America, serving as assistant executive secretary of the WPA from the time of its foundation in December 1921.
Yu Garden or Yuyuan Garden (traditional Chinese: 豫園; simplified Chinese: 豫园; pinyin: Yù Yuán, Shanghainese Yuyoe Wu Chinese pronunciation: [ɦy²².ɦɥø⁵⁵], lit. Garden of Happiness) is an extensive Chinese garden located beside the City God Temple in the northeast of the Old City of Shanghai at Huangpu District, Shanghai. It abuts the Yuyuan Tourist Mart, the Huxinting Teahouse and the Yu Garden Bazaar.
This garden is accessible from the Shanghai Metro's Line 10 and Line 14 Yuyuan Garden station.
Boasting over 40 scenic spots, including pavilions, rock formations, and ponds, it is now a key site under state-level protection.
A centerpiece is the Exquisite Jade Rock (玉玲珑) a porous 3.3-m, 5-ton boulder. Rumours about its origin include the story that it was meant for the Huizong Emperor (Northern Song dynasty from 1100 to 1126 AD) the imperial garden in Bianjing,  but was salvaged from the Huangpu River after the boat carrying it had sunk.


The Greene 1909 Biplane was an American pioneering aircraft.
In 1909, at the Morris Park Raceway, Dr. William Greene constructed a biplane that successfully flew for the first time on October 28, 1909. The aircraft was in the Curtiss style with dual forward elevators and dual trailing rudders and a tricycle landing gear.
Ethagala (Sinhala: ඇතාගල) (English:Elephant Rock) is one of seven rocks that overlook the town of Kurunegala, in Sri Lanka. The rock face reaches 316 metres (1,037 ft) over the town and in its shape resembles a crouching elephant, which explains the rock's name.
The North Scottish Royal Garrison Artillery and its successors were Scottish part-time coast defence units of the British Army from 1908 to 1961. Although the unit saw no active service, it supplied trained gunners to siege batteries engaged on the Western Front during World War I.
Glenn Andrew Parker (born April 22, 1966) is an American former professional football player who was a offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) who played for the Buffalo Bills, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the New York Giants. After his retirement, he became a television NFL analyst.


Magic Mountain was a theme park in Glenelg, a beachside suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. It opened in December 1982 and closed on 18 July 2004.
Magic Mountain was popular among the young and "young at heart", but had also been criticised for its design, which was likened to a "giant dog dropping". It was demolished amid controversy late in 2004 as part of the final stage of the Holdfast Shores development and replaced by The Beachouse in 2006.
Charles Egon IV, Prince of Fürstenberg (Charles Egon Maria Frédéric Emile Kaspar Henri Guillaume Kamill Max Louis Victor; 25 August 1852 – 27 November 1896) was a German military officer and nobleman who was the head of the House of Fürstenberg from 1892 to 1896.
Bolivia participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 October to 18 October 2018.
Budziski [buˈd͡ʑiski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-west of Sztabin, 15 km (9 mi) south of Augustów, and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
Agyneta dactylis is a species of sheet weaver found in China. It was described by Tao, Li & Zhu in 1995.
BOPA (Danish: Borgerlige Partisaner, Civil Partisans) was a group of the Danish resistance movement; it was affiliated with the communists and developed after the occupation of Denmark by Nazi Germany during the Second World War.
In 1942, the Communist Party of Denmark was banned by the German authorities. Communists organized small sabotage cells across the country, formed mainly by veterans who had been part of the volunteer anti-Franco brigades of the Spanish Civil War. However, as arms were scarce, their weapons were often gasoline and matches, and only small-scale operations were carried out.
On January 25, 1943, a group of students—who had previously been refused membership in the communist resistance group due to its members' distrust of elitists (including students)—set fire to a stock of German listening devices at Dansk Industrisyndikat in Hellerup using a bottle of spirit. The students were accepted into the group, which changed its name from the original KOPA (Kommunistiske Partisaner, Communist Partisans) to Borgerlige Partisaner (Civil Partisans) or BOPA. The new name was at first used jokingly by old members, since "borgerlig" in Danish also means "conservative", but it soon became the most widely used name.
Operations grew in magnitude as individuals with inside knowledge of possible targets joined the group. Young apprentices from large factories proved especially useful in identifying targets that were supplying the German military. The cells attacked factories such as Burmeister & Wain and Riffelsyndikatet in 1943, Riffelsyndikatet (again) and Global in 1944, and Always in 1945.
Far is the fifth studio album by American alternative singer-songwriter Regina Spektor. It was released in Europe on June 22, 2009, and in North America on June 23, 2009, through Sire Records.


The amputated right lower leg of Union Army general Daniel Sickles, lost after a cannonball wound suffered at the Battle of Gettysburg on July 2, 1863, is displayed at the National Museum of Health and Medicine.
Sickles was a former New York politician who entered the army after the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861. After originally commanding the Excelsior Brigade, Sickles was promoted to major general in 1862 and later commanded the III Corps at the battles of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg. At Gettysburg, Sickles moved the III Corps forward from his assigned position, and it was shattered by a Confederate attack. During the fighting, he was struck in the leg by a solid shot; the wound later required amputation above the knee. After the amputation, the limb was donated to the Army Medical Museum (now the National Museum of Health and Medicine), where it was used as a teaching example of battlefield trauma. Sickles sometimes visited the limb afterwards, and it remains a popular attraction at the museum.
This is a list of people awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union who were Uzbek.
Paul Kurzbach (13 December 1902 – 2 August 1997) was a German composer.
Billingbear is a hamlet in the civil parish of Binfield and a former country estate in the civil parish of Waltham St Lawrence, near Bracknell, in the English county of Berkshire.


Ephrin type-A receptor 8 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the EPHA8 gene.
Events from the year 1706 in Ireland.
Turbidity is the cloudiness or haziness of a fluid caused by large numbers of individual particles that are generally invisible to the naked eye, similar to smoke in air. The measurement of turbidity is a key test of both water clarity and water quality.
Fluids can contain suspended solid matter consisting of particles of many different sizes. While some suspended material will be large enough and heavy enough to settle rapidly to the bottom of the container if a liquid sample is left to stand (the settable solids), very small particles will settle only very slowly or not at all if the sample is regularly agitated or the particles are colloidal. These small solid particles cause the liquid to appear turbid.
Turbidity (or haze) is also applied to transparent solids such as glass or plastic. In plastic production, haze is defined as the percentage of light that is deflected more than 2.5° from the incoming light direction.
Richard Uniacke may refer to:

Richard John Uniacke (1753–1830), abolitionist, lawyer, politician, member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly and Attorney General of Nova Scotia
Richard John Uniacke Jr. (1789–1834), lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia
Richard G. F. Uniacke (1867–1934), British genealogist and librarian
Tfaya (Arabic: تفاية) is a sweet sauce in Moroccan cuisine made with caramelized onions, raisins, cinnamon, and honey. It is often served on couscous.
The Shenendehowa Central School District, often shortened to Shen, is a public school district located in New York's Capital District. The district's 232-acre (0.94 km2) main campus is located off NY 146 in Clifton Park, and is home to eight of the district's 12 schools, in five buildings. The remaining four schools are called "neighborhood elementary schools" and are located throughout the district in three buildings. The district serves approximately 9,500 students in grades K-12 from throughout its 86-square-mile (220 km2) territory which includes the towns of Clifton Park, Halfmoon, Ballston Lake, Round Lake, Malta and parts of Waterford, Rexford, Mechanicville and Stillwater. Shenendehowa is the largest School District in Saratoga County, and the largest in student population in the Suburban Council, an interscholastic athletic consortium of 11 area school with a districts.


José Ángel Biel Rivera (born 1 May 1946) is a Spanish former politician. As a member of the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) he was elected to the Constituent Cortes and the Senate in the Spanish transition to democracy. 
In 1983, he left for the Aragonese Party (PAR), of which he was president from 2000 to 2015. He served in the first eight legislatures of the Cortes of Aragon from 1983 to 2015, and was the President of the Cortes for the final four years. He was Vice President of the Government of Aragon from 1999 to 2011, in coalition with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) under Marcelino Iglesias.
Murex carbonnieri, also known as Carbonnier's murex,  is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.
Carl A. Morris (May 12, 1911 – June 3, 1993) was an American painter, born in Yorba Linda, California. Morris studied at the Chicago Art Institute and in Paris and Vienna. He opened the Spokane Art Center through the Federal Art Project during the Great Depression. Morris met his wife, sculptor Hilda Grossman, when he recruited her as a teacher for the center. Moving to Seattle in 1940, they met Mark Tobey and became lifelong friends.
In 1941, he was commissioned by the Treasury Section of Fine Arts to paint murals for the post office in Eugene, Oregon. The Morrises settled in Portland, Oregon, and established their artistic careers, beginning as figurative artists and gradually moving toward abstract art. They often visited New York to see friends such as Mark Rothko, Robert Motherwell, Joseph Campbell and Lionel Trilling but declined to relocate, wanting to avoid what they saw as a climate of commercialism and artistic distraction. Morris is known today for his strong Abstract Impressionist paintings.
His work can be seen in collections throughout the U.S., including those of the Portland Art Museum, the Tacoma Art Museum, the Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art, the Vollum Institute, Reed College, the Boise Art Museum, the Denver Art Museum, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. During his life, his work was shown at the Whitney Museum of American Art and the Guggenheim Museum in New York City, the Art Institute of Chicago and the Seattle Art Museum.


The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1160 kHz: in the United States and Mexico. Radio station KSL in Salt Lake City is the dominant Class A station on 1160 AM, a United States clear-channel frequency, according to the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Judith Grace Pordon (born 1954) is an American poet, writer, and poetry editor. The central themes in her poetry are: the multicultural experience, celebration of various types of love, and contemporary social issues. Some of her more well known works include, How Will You Kiss?, Expiration, and  At The Top Of The Food Chain But The Bottom Of The Line.
Micromyrtus sessilis is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to eastern Australia. It is a dense, spreading shrub with small, more or less linear leaves and flowers that are sometimes single in the upper leaf axils or in dense clusters along the branches. It is similar to M. ciliata but has a more northerly distribution.


California v. Prysock, 453 U.S. 55 (1981) was a per curiam United States Supreme Court case where the Court ruled that as long as the message of a Miranda warning was adequately communicated, it does not need to be precisely phrased.


The 1973–74 season was the 71st season of competitive football in Belgium. RSC Anderlechtois won their 16th Division I title. KSV Waregem won the Belgian Cup against second division club KSK Tongeren (4-1). The Belgium national football team finished their 1974 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign at the second place of their group behind the Netherlands, with the same number of points but a smaller goal difference. They thus did not qualify for the 1974 FIFA World Cup finals in West Germany. The Belgian Women's First Division was won by R Saint-Nicolas FC Liège.
Aegocidnexocentrus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing a single species, Aegocidnexocentrus tippmanni. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1957.
Don Bartletti (December 29, 1947) is an American photojournalist who worked for the Los Angeles Times from 1984 to 2015. He won the Pulitzer Prize in 2003 for feature photography.
Chote Praepan (Thai: โชติ แพร่พันธุ์, RTGS: Chot Phraephan, 15 May 1907 – 5 April 1956), known by his pen name Jacob (ยาขอบ, RTGS: Yakhop), was a Thai writer. His most famous work is Phu Chana Sip Thit (The Man Who Gained Victory in Ten Directions). He died of tuberculosis in 1956.  In 2018 Google ran a Google Doodle in his honor.
Mara Devereux (born June 9, 1925) is an American artist.
Kuwait hosted and competed in the 2nd West Asian Games held in Kuwait City from April 3, 2002 to April 12, 2002. Kuwait ranked 1st with 31 gold medals in this edition of the West Asian Games.
The lamia (or lamina) (plural: lamiak or laminak) is a siren or nereid-like creature in Basque mythology. Lamiak are typically portrayed as living in and around rivers. They are depicted as beautiful, long-haired women with webbed duck feet, usually found at the river shore brushing their hair with a golden comb and seducing men.
Mythology in coastal areas includes itsaslamiak, a variety of lamiak who live in the sea and have fish-like tails, similar to a mermaid.
Andrea Glass (born 17 July 1976) is a former professional German tennis player.
Her highest WTA singles ranking is 53rd, which she reached on 1 February 1999, as a result of reaching the third round of the Australian Open, where Anna Kournikova beat her 4–6, 6–2, 6–3. Her career high in doubles was at 85 set on 20 November 2000.
Glass won the German Tennis Championship in both singles and doubles, partnering Barbara Rittner, in 1997. She played for Germany in the Fed Cup from 1998 to 2001.
Waterbury Catholic High School was a Catholic secondary school founded in 1926 in Waterbury, Connecticut by the Congregation of Notre Dame (CND) of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The CND infused the school with their strong interest in education, particularly as a vehicle to empower women.  The school brought traditional college preparatory courses together with a strong curriculum of social justice, in the tradition of peace and justice studies.  The study of Thomas Merton, Thich Nhat Hanh and other visionaries threaded through the curriculum.  The brothers Daniel and Philip Berrigan, James Carroll, Doctor Spock and César Chávez all visited the school in the 1970s.
The school graduated about 120 young women per year.  Kathleen P. Deignan taught there as a young nun, using her music to teach and animate students.
It closed in 1975 when it merged with the Holy Cross High School, an all-boys school.  Sacred Heart High School bought the building.
Company Sergeant (CS) (Sáirsint Complachta in Irish) is a non-commissioned officer rank in the Irish Army equivalent to a First Sergeant in the United States Army and Warrant Officer Class 2 in the British Army.
The insignia of a Company Sergeant for service dress is three 1⁄4-inch-wide (6.4 mm) winged chevrons in red,  with a 1⁄8-inch (3.2 mm) yellow border; 1⁄2 inch (13 mm) above is an army badge embroidered in red. The entire insignia is 3+1⁄2 inches (89 mm) wide. The subdued rank insignia has smaller chevrons, and the badge is in larger proportion to avoid confusion with other ranks.
Irish ranks derive from the British system at the foundation of the Irish Free State in 1922. In the Irish Army the rank was always known as Company Sergeant, but originated in the British appointment of Company Sergeant Major. The CS is the senior NCO of a company, responsible for day-to-day administration and training along with the company second-in-command, who is a Captain.
In the Artillery Corps, the rank is known as Battery Sergeant (Bty Sgt or BS) and in the Cavalry Corps it is known as Squadron Sergeant (SS).
Wingz, Inc. (originally known as Tickengo) is a vehicle for hire company that provides private, scheduled, and fixed-price rides in 30 major cities across the United States via mobile app. The service provides rides anywhere in the cities it serves, with a focus on airports. Wingz offers the ability to request specific drivers for rides and allows users to build a list of their favorite drivers for future bookings.
The company is based in San Francisco, California.
Along with a dedicated desktop and mobile site that can be used for creating an account and booking a ride, Wingz operates mobile apps for the iOS and Android platforms. Riders must sign up with an email address and phone number before booking their first ride.
Users can book rides from two hours to up to one year in advance. If a passenger’s ride includes a trip to or from the airport, users are able to input their flight info to help keep their driver updated about the status of the arriving or departing flight.
In addition to a special request section (where passengers can ask for amenities like car seats, phone chargers, etc.), riders can also submit additional information regarding oversized bags or traveling with a large pet in order to convey how large of a vehicle is needed for the trip.
Every Wingz driver has a unique driver “code” that can be added to a rider’s “Favorite Drivers List” online or through the app. Each time a user requests a ride, their Favorite Driver receives the first opportunity to accept the ride—and so on down the list—until somebody is able to provide the trip. If none of a user’s favorite drivers are available, the request is distributed to the standard pool of drivers.
All Wingz rides are flat-rate, meaning they do not undergo other companies’ volatile pricing shifts that surge during phases of low supply or high demand. Once a rider requests a booking, they are presented up front with their price for the trip; all transactions must be made by credit card and are not charged until a ride is provided.
Drivers on the platform receive a higher percentage of the passenger’s fare than a vast majority of other car services and get an additional percentage of the ride price if they’re requested as a Favorite Driver.
After the ride is complete, users are able to rate their driver and compensate them with a gratuity that goes directly to them. Drivers who do not maintain a high rating are removed from the platform.
Muldenhammer is a former subdivision of the town of Eibenstock in the Ore Mountains. It originated from an iron hammer forge, first mentioned in the 16th century and was abandoned in 1974 due to the construction of Eibenstock Dam.
Zhang Jinlai (Chinese: 章金莱; born 12 April 1959), better known by his stage name Liu Xiao Ling Tong (六小龄童; 'Little Six Year Old Child'), is a Chinese actor, best known for his role as the Monkey King (Sun Wukong) in the 1986 television series Journey to the West (Chinese: 西游记; pinyin: Xī Yóu Jì) adapted from the classic Chinese novel of the same name. Zhang adopted his father Zhang Zongyi's stage name, Liu Ling Tong, and amended it to Liu Xiao Ling Tong.
His compelling performance in Journey to the West was greatly praised by critics and helped him win the Best Actor award at the sixth Golden Eagle Awards in 1988. On Sept 27, 2006, he was conferred the Certificate of Mouthpiece of the 3rd International Forum of the China Cultural Industry.
In March 1991, he starred in the drama film "New Year's Day" (过年). In the autumn of 1993, he played the role of his father, Liu Lingtong, in the TV series “Monkey Child (猴娃), for which he won the 12th Golden Eagle Award for the best supporting actor in China. In 2000, he starred in the ancient mythological drama "Journey to the West II", for which he won the National Top Ten Outstanding Actor Award from CCTV.
In 2003, he played the role of Hua Tie Gan in the ancient martial arts drama ”Lian Cheng Jue“ (连城诀), which was his first time playing a villainous role. In June 2007, he played both the roles of Wu Chengen and Sun Wukong in the costume drama "Wu Cheng'en and the Journey to the West" (吴承恩与西游记). In 2009, he acted in the historical drama "War and Peace in the North" (北平战与和).2015, acted in the ancient mythological drama "Shi Dang Dang Zhi Xiong Ceng Tian Dong“ (石敢当之雄峙天东)。
In 2017, he was awarded as a national actor；In the same year he played the role of Master Xuanzang in the documentary "One Belt, One Road - Retracing the Road of Xuanzang" (一带一路·重走玄奘路) and was the chief producer and director of the documentary, which won the Best Documentary Award at the Vancouver International Chinese Film Festival;
In recent years, Zhang has made great efforts promoting Sun Wukong in popular culture, which contributed to increasing the popularity of both the classic novel and the character around the world.
Liu Xiao Ling Tong is the only Chinese citizen who was issued with two identity cards, one using his real name Zhang Jinlai, one using his stage name Liu Xiao Ling Tong, due to the huge popularity of his stage name which makes many people wrongly believe it is his real name.
The year 1924 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Beta Microscopii (Beta Mic), Latinized from β Microscopii, is a solitary star in the constellation Microscopium. It is close to the lower limit of stars that are visible to the naked eye having an apparent visual magnitude of 6.05 Based upon an annual parallax shift of 6.5022 mas as seen from Earth, this star is located 502 light years away from the Sun.  At that distance, the visual magnitude is diminished by an extinction factor of 0.19 due to interstellar dust.
Beta Mic has a stellar classification of A1 IV, indicating that it is an evolved A-type subgiant. Older sources give it a class of A2 Vn, suggesting that it is an A-type main-sequence star with nebulous absorption lines due to rapid rotation. Consistent with the older classification, the star is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 275 km/s. The star has 2.96 times the mass of the Sun and due to its evolved status, has a radius of 3.5 R☉. It radiates at 77.2 times the luminosity of the Sun from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 8,942 K, giving a white hue. Beta Mic has a solar metallicity and is estimated to be around 340 million years old.


Yasu (夜須町, Yasu-machi) was a town located in Asakura District, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2003, the town has an estimated population of 16,568 and a density of 364.37 persons per km2. The total area is 45.47 km2.
On March 22, 2005, Yasu, along with the town of Miwa (also from Asakura District), was merged to create the town of Chikuzen.
Relations between Turkmenistan and Pakistan were established after Turkmenistan became independent from the Soviet Union.
Fort Libéria is a former military installation in the French commune of Villefranche-de-Conflent in the department of the Pyrénées-Orientales, at the confluence of the rivers Têt, Rotjà, and Cady. Constructed to defend the newly acquired territory of the Roussillon following the Treaty of the Pyrenees (1659), it was designed by Louis XIV's military engineer Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban on a hill above the village of Villefranche-de-Conflent. The fort was occupied by a garrison of 100 people and their officers, and equipped with ten cannons. It was only attacked once, and lost its military function in the 19th century.
It also functioned as a prison: two of the women accused in the Affair of the Poisons were locked up in the fort in 1682 by order of Louis XIV, and died there after being imprisoned for decades. By 1927 the fort was sold, and for a while served as a retirement home for sailors. In 1984 it was sold to a group of local businessmen, and as of 1987, it is accessible to visitors. The fort, and the 734-step long underground staircase leading to it, is classified by the French state as a monument historique, and it is also listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.
The 2008 Italian Formula Three Championship was the 44th Italian Formula Three Championship season. It began on May 10 at Mugello and ended on October 19 at Vallelunga after 16 races.
The season began with Edoardo Piscopo dominating the field with four successive wins, but another run of seven victories by Mirko Bortolotti, gave him the leadership in the championship. The championship title was delayed to the last round in Vallelunga, the victory in race one and his eighth of the season gave Bortolotti the championship crown.
The three first classified drivers of the championship were rewarded with a Formula One test organized by the Scuderia Ferrari at the wheel of a Ferrari F2008 at Fiorano, with Bortolotti setting the new track record.
The 29th Maine Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The Bulgarian football club PFC Cherno More Varna has played several times in two international competitions at the European level: the Intertoto Cup and the Europa League (formerly the UEFA Cup).
Rim Kwang-il (Korean: 림광일; born 1965) is a North Korean general and politician who served as Chief of the General Staff Department of the Korean People's Army.
Drupadia niasica  is a species of butterfly belonging to the lycaenid family described by Julius Röber in 1886. It is found in  the Indomalayan realm.
The Aberdeen Lock and Dam is one of four lock and dam structures on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway that generally lie along the original course of the Tombigbee River.  It is located east of Aberdeen in Monroe County, Mississippi, and impounds Aberdeen Lake.
The 1952 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 4, 1952, as part of the 1952 United States presidential election. State voters chose six representatives, or electors, to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Colorado was won by Columbia University President Dwight D. Eisenhower (R–New York), running with Senator Richard Nixon, with 60.27% of the popular vote, against Adlai Stevenson (D–Illinois), running with Senator John Sparkman, with 38.96% of the popular vote.
The 22655 / 22656 Ernakulam Junction–Hazrat Nizamuddin Superfast Express is a Express Express train belonging to Indian Railways – Southern Railway zone that runs between Ernakulam Junction  and Hazrat Nizamuddin in India. It was announced  in 2014–15 Railway budget.
It operates as train number 22655 from Ernakulam Junction to Hazrat Nizamuddin and as train number 22656 in the reverse direction, serving the states of Kerala, Karnataka, Goa, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana & Delhi.
Earlier it used to run as TVC-NZM Express but later, TVC-ERS was cut off.
The men's middleweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1984 Summer Olympics. The weight class allowed boxers of up to 75 kilograms to compete. The competition was held from 30 July to 11 August 1984. 27 boxers from 27 nations competed.
Bambata, or Bhambatha kaMancinza (c. 1865–1906?), also known as Mbata Bhambatha, was a Zulu chief of the amaZondi clan in the Colony of Natal and son of Mancinza. He is famous for his role in an armed rebellion in 1906 when the poll tax was raised from a tax per hut to per head (£1 tax on all native men older than 18 – infamously called ukhandampondo), increasing hardship during a severe economic depression. Bhambatha claims that he was told to lead an armed rebellion by the de facto Zulu King Dinizulu. Dinizulu disputed this account and no convincing evidence for either story is available.
Taplow Lake is a 30-acre (120,000 m2) lake just south of the A4 between Maidenhead and Slough in Amerden Lane, Buckinghamshire. Recreational activities on the lake include swimming, wakeboarding and waterskiing. A café is also located here serving breakfast and lunch.
Peter Wadabwa (born 14 September 1983) is a Malawian footballer who currently plays for Be Forward Wanderers
A non-exhaustive listing of ships which have sunk as a result of striking ice masses of larger than "growler" or pack size (such collisions with minor ice are comparatively common, usually resulting in less damage). Note that many vessels have been lost without a trace in seas containing icebergs; these are not listed due to other possible explanations and lack of survivor testimony.
Rosa Castillo may refer to:

Rosa Castillo Varó (born 1974), Spanish footballer
Rosa Castillo (basketball) (born 1956), Spanish basketball player
Rosa Castillo (artist) (1910–1989), Mexican sculptor
English sole (Parophrys vetulus) is a species of flatfish in the family Pleuronectidae. It is a demersal fish that lives on sandy and muddy bottoms in estuaries and near shore areas, at depths of up to 550 metres (1,800 ft). It reaches up to 57 centimetres (22 in) in length, and can weigh up to 1.5 kilograms (3.3 lb). Its native habitat is the eastern Pacific, stretching from the coast of Baja California in the south to the Bering Sea in the north.
English sole is an important commercial fish, primarily caught off Washington, Oregon and California. Though biomass is increasing, catches have been declining since the 1960s and are currently almost at an all-time low.
English sole is known in Spanish as platija limón, or lemon sole, a name by which it is also known in English, though the true lemon sole is a separate species, Microstomus kitt.
Parth Desai (born 11 December 1990) is a Canadian cricketer. He made his One Day International debut for Canada against the West Indies in April 2010. He played for Canada in the 2014 Cricket World Cup Qualifier tournament.
Charles Mersch (17 January 1908 – 29 January 1996) was a Luxembourgian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
The Sturgeon Bay Ship Canal is a ship canal connecting Sturgeon Bay with Lake Michigan across the Door Peninsula in Door County, Wisconsin. A dredged channel continues through Sturgeon Bay to Green Bay. This combined waterway allows ships to sail between Lake Michigan and Green Bay without traversing the dangerous Porte des Morts strait.
The canal is approximately 1.3 miles (2.1 km) long, cutting through the eastern side of the peninsula in a northwest-to-southeast orientation. There are no locks.
Deborah Rodriguez may refer to:

Deborah Rodriguez (writer), American writer and humanitarian
Déborah Rodríguez (athlete), Uruguayan athlete and fashion model
Deborah Rodríguez (karateka), a bronze medal winner in Karate at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games
Out of the Pit is the first studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Kobra and the Lotus. Released on April 22, 2010, it was originally produced by Greg Godovitz of Goddo, the vocals, mix and final production was redone by Iron Maiden producer Kevin Shirley prior to release.


The Lord High Admiral or Admiral of the Realm (Swedish: riksamiral) was a prominent and influential office in Sweden, from c. 1571 until 1676, excluding periods when the office was out of use. The office holder was a member of the Swedish Privy Council and the head of the navy and Admiralty of Sweden. From 1634, the Lord High Admiral was one of five Great Officers of the Realm.
Samuel Jules Celestine Edwards (born late 1850s) was a Dominican editor, public speaker, author, and anti-racist activist.


The Iraq Institute for Strategic Studies is an Iraqi research institute focusing on political, socio-economic, religious, and gender issues in Iraq.
Periya may refer to:

Periya, Kasaragod, Kerala, India
Periya, Wayanad, Kerala, also called Boys Town
Periya Puranam, a Tamil poetical work about the Shaiva saints of south India
Bill Steinke (born March 28, 1947) is a Canadian former professional darts player who has competed members in the 1980s.
His first major win was the British Columbia Open in 1983. Between 1983 and 1986, he won every major tournament on the west coast of Canada and the United States including the Klondike Open, Seattle Open, Oregon Open, San Francisco Open and the St. Pat's Classic in San Diego. He participated in the 1986 BDO World Darts Championship but was defeated in the first round by Welshman Peter Locke. He won the 1985 Canadian National Championship.
Steinke's biggest tournament win was the Los Angeles Open which is the warm-up to the North American Open and had the top players competing from around the world.
Nadzaladevi is an administrative district (raioni) in Tbilisi, capital of Georgia.
Nadzaladevi District Includes Neighborhoods: Nadzaladevi, Sanzona, Temka, Lotkini, and Avshniani.
Łękawica [wɛnkaˈvit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrzyszów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south-east of Tarnów and 83 km (52 mi) east of the regional capital Kraków.
By Common Consent (BCC) is a group blog featuring commentary and discussions, especially regarding the culture of and current events within the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). It was founded in 2004 and is one of several blogs in the group known as the Mormon Bloggernacle.  According to the blog's mission statement, BCC was founded to "provide a thoughtful, enjoyable, and reasonable place to post and discuss Mormon topics."
Sustainable agriculture is farming in sustainable ways meeting society's present food  and textile needs, without compromising the ability for current or future generations to meet their needs. It can be based on an understanding of ecosystem services. There are many methods to increase the sustainability of agriculture. When developing agriculture within sustainable food systems, it is important to develop flexible business processes and farming practices. Agriculture has an enormous environmental footprint, playing a significant role in causing climate change (food systems are responsible for one third of the anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions), water scarcity, water pollution, land degradation, deforestation and other processes; it is simultaneously causing environmental changes and being impacted by these changes. Sustainable agriculture consists of environment friendly methods of farming that allow the production of crops or livestock without causing damage to human or natural systems. It involves preventing adverse effects on soil, water, biodiversity, and surrounding or downstream resources, as well as to those working or living on the farm or in neighboring areas. Elements of sustainable agriculture can include permaculture, agroforestry, mixed farming, multiple cropping, and crop rotation.

Developing sustainable food systems contributes to the sustainability of the human population. For example, one of the best ways to mitigate climate change is to create sustainable food systems based on sustainable agriculture. Sustainable agriculture provides a potential solution to enable agricultural systems to feed a growing population within the changing environmental conditions. Besides sustainable farming practices, dietary shifts to sustainable diets are an intertwined way to substantially reduce environmental impacts. Numerous sustainability standards and certification systems exist, including organic certification, Rainforest Alliance, Fair Trade, UTZ Certified, GlobalGAP, Bird Friendly, and the Common Code for the Coffee Community (4C).
The following is a list of female superheroes in comic books, television, film, and other media. Each character's name is followed by the publisher's name in parentheses; those from television or movies have their program listed in square brackets, and those in both comic books and other media appear in parentheses.


On March 2, 2004, Massachusetts Senator John Kerry became the presumptive Democratic nominee for president in the 2004 Presidential Election. Kerry selected North Carolina Senator John Edwards as his running mate on July 6, 2004. The Kerry–Edwards ticket was ultimately  defeated by the Bush–Cheney ticket in the general election.
Dobs at the Shore is a 1914 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
The Palmophyllophyceae are a proposed basal Chlorophyte clade consisting of the Palmophyllales and Prasinococcales.
An Emmausgang is a Christian tradition which is still practiced today, mainly in southern Germany and Austria, commemorating the walk of the disciples to Emmaus, to which Jesus followed them without being recognized. The Emmausgang is made on Easter Monday (also known as Emmaustag or Emmaus Day) as a spiritual walk with prayer and song or as a contemplative stroll through nature as it awakens. A related tradition in the Weinviertel area of Austria is the "Grean" (whose name comes from ins Grüne gehen 'going into the countryside/green'), a meeting in the open air or in a wine cellar with food and drink.
A special form of the Emmausgang is kept alive in the Borghorst area of Steinfurt in Westphalia by the members of the shooting club "Prinzen Schützengesellschaft von 1490" on Easter Sunday at the onset of dusk, who travel to the local church with torches and brass lanterns (Emmaus lanterns) while singing Christian songs and celebrate in a church service there.
The Midnight Chase is the third album by Swedish hard rock band Crucified Barbara. It was first released in Japan and Europe in 2012.
"Can't Knock the Hustle" is a song by the American rock band Weezer, released on October 11, 2018 as the lead single for their self titled album, also called the Black Album. A music video was released on the same day.
Cortland Township is one of nineteen townships in DeKalb County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2020 census, its population was 11,244 and it contained 4,357 housing units. Cortland Township was originally named Richland Township, but was renamed to Pampas Township on November 20, 1850; it was renamed to Cortland Township on February 1, 1865.
Walter Hermann Brenner (born 21 June 1958) is a Swiss academic, Professor of Information Management and Executive Director of the Institute for computer science of the University of St. Gallen.
România liberă (lit. 'Free Romania') is a Romanian daily newspaper founded in 1943 and currently based in Bucharest. A newspaper of the same name also existed between 1877 and 1888.
The 2012 ICC European Twenty20 Championship Division Two is a cricket tournament that took place between 3–8 September 2012. It forms part of the European Cricket Championship. Greece hosted the event.


PHCC may refer to:

Pasco–Hernando Community College
Patrick & Henry Community College
Primary health care center
Plumbing-Heating-Cooling Contractors Association
Rugby union at the 1963 South Pacific Games was played as a double round-robin with 3 men's teams competing. No finals were played and a complete set of gold, silver and bronze medals were awarded to the teams as per their finishing positions. Fiji was unbeaten in the tournament and were presented with their gold medals by the Governor of Fiji.
This is a list of records in the sport of Track and Field at the Community College level in the United States.  The national governing body of athletics at that level is the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA).  However, the California Community College system, the largest in the country with over 100 institutions, is not a member of the NJCAA, instead governing its sports through the unaffiliated California Community College Athletic Association (CCCAA).  Merging the records between these organizations has been left to the independent publication Track and Field News (T&FN) primarily in the person of Robert Hersh, who also supervises records for USA Track and Field (USATF).
Starting in the 1970s, many community colleges began recruiting foreign born athletes.  With some of the best athletes in the world competing against American college freshmen and sophomores, an additional set of records for the best American born athletes was also included.  T&FN was not 100% accurate when assessing which athletes are not Americans.  They were not given assistance by the colleges, who tended not to discuss the foreign roots of some of their recruits.  Additionally, with the less restrictive eligibility regulations (as compared to the very strict NCAA regulations), foreign born athletes could be older than the 18- to 20-year-old Americans who entered community college immediately following high school.
All of these records appear to be exclusively from Community College level competition, as opposed to the means T&FN uses in calculating High School records, where they allow all attempts by a high school affiliated athlete made against Open level competitors.
Jordan William Hunter Luck  (born 15 October 1961) is the former lead singer and songwriter of the New Zealand rock band the Exponents. He was born in Vanderhoof in the province of British Columbia, Canada.  His family moved to Tokarahi (near Oamaru) and later moved to Geraldine where he grew up. He attended University of Canterbury and College House. He is now in a band called The Jordan Luck Band.
At the 2007 APRA Silver Scroll Awards on 18 September, Luck was named as the first inductee to the New Zealand Music Hall of Fame. He was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to music in the 2012 Queen's Birthday and Diamond Jubilee Honours.
In 2019, Luck would cover Al Park's "I Walked Away" for the covers collection Better Already - The Songs Of Al Park. Park, a singer-songwriter sometimes credited as the father figure for the 'Lyttelton Sound' and the first guy to bring punk music to Otautahi, had featured in the video for "Victoria", a top ten hit in 1982 for Luck and his band The Dance Exponents.
Also in 2019, Luck would tour New Zealand with The Jordan Luck Band, starting off at Peach & Porker in Te Awamutu on 23 February 2019 and ending the tour in Christchurch on 22 June 2019.
Azanus, commonly called babul blues, is a genus of butterflies found in Africa and southwestern Asia.
Kajaru (Persian: كجارو, also Romanized as Kajārū) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.
The 1989 Country Music Association Awards, 23rd Ceremony, was held on October 9, 1989, at the Grand Ole Opry House, Nashville, Tennessee, and was hosted by CMA Award Winners, Anne Murray and Kenny Rogers.
Zanchi (later spelled Zanki) is an Italian brand of cymbals. The brand was made between 1947 till around the mid 1990s, and was noted for its 'Vibra' cymbals.
Ouvrage Baisse de Saint Véran is a lesser work (petit ouvrage) of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.  The ouvrage consists of one infantry block facing Italy. Three combat blocks and an entrance block were planned, but only Block 2 was built, with one observation/light machine gun cloche, three light machine gun embrasures and one heavy twin machine gun embrasure at an altitude of 1915 meters.  However, armament was never furnished and the cloche was not fitted. Almost none of the supporting subterranean galleries were completed. The position was manned in 1940 by 68 soldiers of the 40th Demi-Brigade des Fusiliers Alpins under Sub-Lieutenant Kessler.
Fredrik Eriksson (born 12 November 1975) is a Swedish politician and member of the Sweden Democrats party.
Eriksson studied at the University of Gothenburg and was employed in the healthcare industry before getting involved in politics. He served as group leader for the Sweden Democrats on the municipal council of Partille. Eriksson first became a member of the Riksdag in 2014 to stand in for party leader Jimmie Akesson who was on sick leave before becoming a full member of the Riksdag.
The Diocese of Eastern Kowloon is one of the three dioceses under the Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui. Its territory covers most part of eastern Kowloon and eastern New Territories. Holy Trinity Cathedral, cathedral of the diocese, was established in 1890, making it one of the oldest Anglican churches in Hong Kong. Incumbent bishop, Timothy Kwok, was elected on 30 March 2014 and enthroned on 23 November 2014, replacing the outgoing bishop, Louis Tsui.
Alexander Shevchenko was the defending champion but withdrew before his first round match.
Matteo Arnaldi won the title after defeating Raúl Brancaccio 6–1, 6–2 in the final.
Daniel William Conn (born 14 February 1986) is an Australian model and former professional rugby league footballer. He played in the second-row for several clubs in the NRL.
Hoare is an English surname derived from Middle English hor(e) meaning grey- or white-haired. Notable people with the surname include:

Albert Alfred Hoare, known as Bert Hoare (1874–1962), South Australian politician
Des Hoare (born 1934), Australian cricketer
Desmond Hoare (Royal Navy officer) (1910–1988), British sailor and educator
Edward Hoare (disambiguation), several people
Elizabeth Hoare (1915–2001), English church furnisher and actress
Henry Hoare (banker) (1677–1725), English banker and land-owner
Henry Hoare (1705–1785), English banker and garden owner-designer
James Hoare (born 1943), British academic and historian
Joe Hoare (1881–1947), English footballer
John Gurney Hoare (1810–1875), English cricketer and banker
Kelly Hoare (born 1963), Australian politician
Louisa Gurney Hoare (1784–1836), English diarist and writer
Mad Mike Hoare (1919–2020), Irish mercenary leader
Marko Attila Hoare (born 1972), British historian
Mary Hoare (1744–1820), English artist
Peter Hoare (disambiguation), several people
Prince Hoare (elder) (c.1711–1769), English sculptor
Prince Hoare (younger) (1755–1834), English painter and dramatist
Sir Richard Hoare (banker) (1648–1718), British goldsmith, banker and politician
Sir Richard Hoare, 2nd Baronet (1758–1838), British antiquarian and archaeologist
Sir Samuel Hoare, 1st Baronet (1841–1915), English politician
Samuel Hoare, 1st Viscount Templewood (1880–1959), British politician
Sarajane Hoare, British-born fashion journalist, stylist and magazine editor
Seamus Hoare, Gaelic footballer
Sean Hoare (1963–2011), British journalist
Seán Hoare (born 1994), Irish professional footballer
Simon Hoare (born 1969), British politician
Sir Tony Hoare (born 1934), British computer scientist
Wilfred Hoare (1909–2003), English cricketer and headmaster
William Hoare (c.1707–1792), British painter
The Vad is a left tributary of the river Someș in Romania. It discharges into the Someș in the village Vad. Its length is 9 km (5.6 mi) and its basin size is 40 km2 (15 sq mi).
Pandemonium is a comedy role-playing game designed by Stephan Michael Sechi and published by MIB Productions, Inc. It is inspired by the fictional "news" that appears in tabloid publications such as the Weekly World News.
Oleksa Mykolaiovych Volianskyi (Ukrainian: Олекса Миколайович Волянський; 7 October 1862 – 2 March 1947) was a Ukrainian priest, ethnographer, cultural and educational activist. Full member of the Shevchenko Scientific Society (1905).
Mikhail Mikhailovich Gromov (Russian: Михаи́л Миха́йлович Гро́мов; 24 February [O.S. 12 February] 1899 – 22 January 1985) was a Russian and Soviet military aviator, test pilot, and Hero of the Soviet Union.
Louis Carter (September 15, 1918 – September 25, 2005) was an American jazz pianist, composer, and songwriter. He had a long yet low-profile career.
Trzydnik Duży-Kolonia [ˈtʂɨdnik ˈduʐɨ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Hourglass is the 13th studio album by American folk rock duo America, released by American Gramaphone in 1994. This was America's first new studio album since 1984's Perspective. Two singles were released from the album, "Young Moon" and "Hope", but did not chart in the U.S. The songs did receive more airplay in Europe. The song "Hope" became a theme song for the TJ Martell Foundation and was recorded by a group of country music stars in a fundraising effort for the Foundation.  The recording of "You Can Do Magic" included here is not the hit version but a re-recording that is very similar.
Actor/musician Bill Mumy contributed to this album, co-writing "Sleeper Train" and "Greenhouse" and providing additional guitar work.
Full House Resorts, Inc. is a casino developer and operator based in Summerlin South, Nevada. The company currently operates five casinos. It is known for the involvement of Gulfstream Aerospace founder Allen Paulson, who was CEO from 1994 to 2000, and former Chrysler chairman Lee Iacocca, who was a major investor in the company from 1995 to 2013. Dan Lee has served as CEO since late 2014.


Clement Schrader (November 1820 at Itzum, in Hanover, Germany – 23 February 1875 at Poitiers, France) was a German Jesuit theologian.
Shamme Sher is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and a former member of the Bangladesh Parliament from a reserved seat.
The Grips-Theatre in Berlin (official name: GRIPS Theater) is a well-known and well-respected emancipatory children's and youth theatre, located at Altonaer Straße at Hansaplatz in the Hansaviertel in Berlin's Mitte district. It is "the first theatre worldwide to deal sociocritically with the lives and living conditions of children and young people and to incorporate this in original humorous and musical plays". It has gained a national and international reputation, not least due to its former artistic director Volker Ludwig's musicals for adults, such as its evergreen Linie 1, Café Mitte or the adaptation of Aldous Huxley's Brave New World. GRIPS' plays have been re-staged over 1,500 times in some 40 languages around the world.
The Virginia House of Delegates election of 1991 was held on Tuesday, November 5. Just over a month earlier, on September 28, House Speaker A. L. Philpott died of cancer. Democratic floor leader Tom Moss led his party going into the election; Moss was elected Speaker two weeks later, after his conference maintained a majority in the chamber.
The Rumble Fish (ザ・ランブルフィッシュ) is a 2D fighting game developed by Dimps and first published by Sammy for the Atomiswave arcade platform in 2004, and was later ported by Sega to the Sony PlayStation 2 on March 17, 2005. In 2020, a homebrew conversion was released for the Dreamcast. A sequel, The Rumble Fish 2, has since been developed.
On July 13, 2022, 3goo Co., Ltd. announced that The Rumble Fish along with its sequel would get home ports worldwide in Q4 2022. This marks the first time that The Rumble Fish receives a worldwide release. 
On November 29, 2023, it was announced that an enhanced version called The Rumble Fish+ would release on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and Steam on December 20, 2023.


Apollophanes margareta is a species of running crab spider in the family Philodromidae. It is found in the United States and Canada.
Trouble is the sixth studio album by the American country music group Randy Rogers Band. It was released on April 30, 2013, via MCA Nashville. The album includes the singles "One More Sad Song", "Trouble Knows My Name" and "Fuzzy".
Choerophryne grylloides is a small species of frog in the family Microhylidae. It is endemic to the upper Sepik River basin in the northern side of the New Guinea Highlands in Papua New Guinea. The specific name grylloides, from Latin gryllus ("cricket") and Greek suffix -oides ("resembles"), alludes to its cricket-like, high-pitched advertisement call.
Shaun Murphy (born 1990) is an Irish hurler who plays for Wexford Senior Championship club Oulart–The Ballagh and at inter-county level with the Wexford senior hurling team. He usually lines out at left wing-back.
The comely shiner (Notropis amoenus) is a small species of North American fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae.
Khisar Dam is an under-construction dam, located in Nushki District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
Fear-potentiated startle (FPS) is a reflexive physiological reaction to a presented stimulus, and is an indicator of the fear reaction in an organism. The FPS response can be elicited in the face of any threatening stimulus (e.g., any object, person or situation that would cause someone to experience feelings of fear), but it can also be elicited by a neutral stimulus as a result of fear conditioning, a process that occurs when a benign stimulus comes to evoke fear and anxiety upon being paired with a traumatic or fear-provoking event. The stimulus in question is usually of auditory (e.g., loud noise) or visual (e.g., bright light) nature, and startle response measures include eyeblink rates and pulse/heart rate. The negative impact of heightened FPS in the face of neutral stimuli can be treated pharmacologically, using psychotropic medications that are typically used to reduce anxiety in humans. Recent literature, moreover, has implicated increased FPS responses as a correlate in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and other anxiety disorders.
Tak or TAK may refer to:
Rynołty [rɨˈnɔu̯tɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-west of Zambrów and 80 km (50 mi) west of the regional capital Białystok.
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Kyiv, Ukraine.
UFC Fight Night: Hermansson vs. Cannonier (also known as UFC Fight Night 160 or UFC on ESPN+ 18) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on September 28, 2019 at Royal Arena in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Bocchoris is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae described by Frederic Moore in 1885.
The 1st Bristol MC & LCC Formula 2 Race was a Formula Two motor race held on 3 August 1953 at Thruxton Circuit, Hampshire. The race was run over 20 laps of the circuit, and was won by British driver Tony Rolt in a Connaught Type A-Lea Francis; Rolt also set fastest lap. Horace Gould in a Cooper T23-Bristol was second and Jack Walton was third in a Cooper T25-Bristol.
Dmitry Alexandrovich Geller (Russian: Дмитрий Александрович Геллер; born 12 October 1970) is a Russian animator and film director.
Vanala is a village and former Rajput princely state on Saurashtra peninsula in Gujarat state, western India.
Cło [t͡swɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland. It lies approximately six kilometres (four miles) south-east of Kazimierza Wielka and 71 kilometres (forty four miles) south of the regional capital, Kielce.
The truss rod is a component of a guitar or other stringed instrument that stabilizes the lengthwise forward curvature (also called relief) of the neck. Usually, it is a steel bar or rod that runs through the inside of the neck, beneath the fingerboard. Some are non-adjustable, but most modern truss rods have a nut at one or both ends that adjusts its tension. The first truss rod patent was applied for by Thaddeus McHugh, an employee of the Gibson company in 1921, though the idea of a "truss rod" appears in patents as early as 1908.
Olifantshoek is a town in John Taolo Gaetsewe District Municipality in the Northern Cape Province of South Africa.
The village is 60 km northwest of Postmasburg and 80 km southwest of Kuruman. It developed from a police post and is administered by a village management board. The name is of Afrikaans origin and means "elephants' corner" or "elephants' glen", referring to the many elephant skeletons that Dutch settlers found in the area. It may also be translated from Tswana "ditlou".
The 2018 U.S. Open (officially known as the Yonex US Open 2018 for sponsorship reasons) was a badminton tournament which took place at Titan Gym in Fullerton, California, United States, from 12 to 17 June 2018 and had a total prize of $150,000.
Fazlur Rahman Khan (1939–1971) was a Bangladeshi intellectual and geologist, who was killed in the Bangladesh Liberation war and is considered a martyr in Bangladesh.
Dolinka (Hungarian: Inám) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.
Leslie Calvin Brown (born February 17, 1945) is an American politician and motivational speaker. He was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1977 to 1981.


Palazzo Neroni is a historic building in the centre of Florence, located at via de' Ginori 7, with a rear entrance also at via della Stufa 4r-6r.
The palazzo appears in the list compiled in 1901 by the General Directorate of Antiquities and Fine Arts, as a monumental building to be considered national artistic heritage (Italy).
The following article lists the indebted companies in the world by total corporate debt according estimates by the British-Australian investment firm Janus Henderson. In 2019, the total debt of the 900 most indebted companies was $8,325 billion. The most indebted companies were in the oil and gas, utilities, telecommunication and automotive industries. The world's most indebted company in 2021 was Toyota.
The most indebted company in history was General Electric, holding in 2008 556$bn in debt.
Morecambe and Lonsdale was a constituency of the British House of Commons which existed until 1983.
Following the reorganisation of local government in England in the 1970s, a successor constituency called Morecambe and Lunesdale was formed. This followed the formation of Cumbria as a county council.
Before 1950, Morecambe was in the Lancaster constituency.
Nina da Hora (born 1995) is an Afro-Brazilian activist and computer scientist known for her research on algorithmic racism and her efforts to democratize access to technology making its operation transparent with an accessible language. Hora is a co-worker at the Center for Technology and Society at Fundação Getúlio Vargas or (FGV).
Hell Below/Stars Above is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band Toadies, released on March 20, 2001, by Interscope Records. It is the first Toadies album to feature lead guitarist Clark Vogeler, who joined in 1996, and the band's final album with founding member and bassist Lisa Umbarger. The album was the Toadies' first in nearly seven years, and was their second attempt at recording a follow-up album to their platinum-selling debut album Rubberneck (1994); the band's first attempt, Feeler, had been rejected by Interscope in 1998.
Hell Below/Stars Above was produced by Tom Rothrock and Rob Schnapf and was recorded at Sunset Sound Recorders in Los Angeles, California between January and March 2000. Disagreements with Interscope delayed the album's release for an entire year after its completion. Unlike earlier Toadies' releases, Hell Below/Stars Above was jointly written by all of the band's members instead of by frontman Vaden Todd Lewis only, resulting in it becoming more stylistically varied. The album's overall sound was influenced by 1970s rock music, and was cleaner and less aggressive than the grunge-informed Rubberneck.
Hell Below/Stars Above received mixed reviews from critics and was a significant commercial failure upon release, with the album only reaching number 130 on the Billboard 200 chart and selling less than a tenth of Rubberneck's sales, primarily due to Interscope's complete lack of promotional support for the album. Disillusioned with the album's failure, Umbarger quit the Toadies four months after its release, resulting in the group's disbandment in October 2001. It was the Toadies' last album prior to their reformation in 2006.
The Wiesbaden manifesto is a document written and signed by members of the Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives (MFAA) organization rejecting the plundering and removal of cultural items as spoils of war. The Allies created special commissions, such as the MFAA, to help protect famous European monuments from destruction, and after the war, to travel to territories previously occupied by the Germans to find Nazi art repositories. The allies found these plundered artworks in over 1,050 repositories in Germany and Austria at the end of World War II. The book The Safekeepers: Memoir of the Arts at the End of World War II by former Capt. Walter I. Farmer of the United States Army Corps of Engineers during World War II, chronicles the recovery of and restitution of discovered hidden loot of the Nazi plunder, that were stolen from museums, private collections and libraries and individual Jewish emigrants and death camp prisoners.
In summer 1945, Capt. Walter Farmer became the collecting point's first director. The first shipment of artworks arriving at Wiesbaden included cases of antiquities, Egyptian art, Islamic artifacts, and paintings from the Kaiser Friedrich Museum. The collecting point also received materials from the Reichsbank and Nazi looted Polish liturgical collections. At its height, Wiesbaden stored, identified, and restituted approximately 700,000 individual objects, including paintings and sculptures. The collecting point not only cataloged and restitututed items, but also kept them away from the Soviet Army and wartime reparations.
When his superiors ordered that he send to the U.S. 202 German-owned paintings in his custody, Capt. Farmer and 35 others who were in charge of the Wiesbaden collection point gathered to draw up what has become known as the Wiesbaden Manifesto on November 7, 1945, declaring "We wish to state that, from our own knowledge, no historical grievance will rankle so long or be the cause of so much justified bitterness as the removal for any reason of a part of the heritage of any nation even if that heritage may be interpreted as a prize of war." Among the co-signers was Lieutenant Charles Percy Parkhurst of the U.S. Navy.
After three years of debate, U.S. President Harry S. Truman ordered that the paintings be returned to Germany in 1948.
Farmer received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1996.
The Edge of the Unknown: 101 Things You Don't Know about Science and No One Else Does Either is a popular science book written by American physicist James Trefil. Published in 1996, the 355-page work is Trefil's 10th publication.
Jean Joseph Emond Woods (1850 – 1928) was a Canadian physician and public servant. He served as mayor of Aylmer from 1898 to 1900.
The 2016 SAFF Women's Championship  was the 4th edition of the SAFF Women's Championship, the biennial international women's football championship contested by the national teams of the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF). The tournament began in India from 26 December 2016 and went on until 4 January 2017. The country was awarded hosting rights in January 2016. This was the first time India had hosted the SAFF Women's Championship.
The defending champions coming into the tournament were India, who won the three previous tournaments. By the end of the tournament, India emerged as champions again, defeating Bangladesh in the final 3–1.
West Germany is the common English name for the Federal Republic of Germany from its formation on 23 May 1949 until its reunification with East Germany on 3 October 1990. It is sometimes known as the Bonn Republic (German: Bonner Republik) after its capital city of Bonn. During the Cold War, the western portion of Germany and the associated territory of West Berlin were parts of the Western Bloc. West Germany was formed as a political entity during the Allied occupation of Germany after World War II, established from 12 states formed in the three Allied zones of occupation held by the United States, the United Kingdom, and France. 
At the onset of the Cold War, Europe was divided between the Western and Eastern blocs. Germany was divided into the two countries. Initially, West Germany claimed an exclusive mandate for all of Germany, representing itself as the sole democratically reorganised continuation of the 1871–1945 German Reich.
Three southwestern states of West Germany merged to form Baden-Württemberg in 1952, and the Saarland joined West Germany as a state in 1957 after it had been separated as the Saar Protectorate from Allied-occupied Germany by France (the separation had been not fully legal as it had been opposed by the Soviet Union). In addition to the resulting ten states, West Berlin was considered an unofficial de facto eleventh state. While de jure not part of West Germany, for Berlin was under the control of the Allied Control Council (ACC), West Berlin politically aligned itself with West Germany and was directly or indirectly represented in its federal institutions.
The foundation for the influential position held by Germany today was laid during the economic miracle of the 1950s (Wirtschaftswunder), when West Germany rose from the enormous destruction wrought by World War II to become the world's second-largest economy. The first chancellor Konrad Adenauer, who remained in office until 1963, worked for a full alignment with the NATO rather than neutrality, and secured membership in the military alliance. Adenauer was also a proponent of agreements that developed into the present-day European Union. When the G6 was established in 1975, there was no serious debate as to whether West Germany would become a member.
Following the collapse of the Eastern Bloc, symbolised by the opening of the Berlin Wall, both states took action to achieve German reunification. East Germany voted to dissolve and accede to the Federal Republic of Germany in 1990. The five post-war states (Länder) were reconstituted, along with the reunited Berlin, which ended its special status and formed an additional Land. They formally joined the federal republic on 3 October 1990, raising the total number of states from ten to sixteen, and ending the division of Germany. The reunited Germany is the direct continuation of the state previously informally called West Germany and not a new state, as the process was essentially a voluntary act of accession: the Federal Republic of Germany was enlarged to include the additional six states of the German Democratic Republic. The expanded Federal Republic retained West Germany's political culture and continued its existing memberships in international organisations, as well as its Western foreign policy alignment and affiliation to Western alliances such as the United Nations, NATO, OECD, and the European Economic Community.


The list of shipwrecks in August 1917 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during August 1917.
The 2016 West Virginia gubernatorial election took place on November 8, 2016, to elect the Governor of West Virginia, concurrently with the 2016 U.S. presidential election, as well as elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. The primaries were held on May 10.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Earl Ray Tomblin was barred from running for a second full term. He had ascended to the governorship upon Joe Manchin's resignation in 2010, won a 2011 special election to complete the term, and won a full term in 2012. Under the West Virginia Constitution, a partial term counts toward the limit of two consecutive terms.
Democratic nominee Jim Justice, a coal and agriculture businessman, won the open seat with a plurality of the vote, defeating Republican state senator Bill Cole and former state senator Charlotte Pritt, who ran as a member of the Mountain Party. As of 2024, this is the last time a Democrat was elected Governor of West Virginia. Having switched parties in August 2017, Justice was re-elected as a Republican in 2020; his party switch gave Republicans a trifecta in the state for the first time since 1931.
Bealey is a surname and occasional given name. Notable people with this name include:

Frank Bealey (1922–2013), British political scientist
Samuel Bealey (1821–1909), British-born politician in Canterbury, New Zealand
Herbert Bealey Adshead (1862–1932), British-born farmer, author and politician in Canada
Samuel Bealey Harrison (1802–1867), British-born joint premier of the Province of Canada
The Romanian Church of the Holy Trinity (Serbian: Румунска црква Свете Тројице у Делиблату) is a church in Deliblato (Romanian: Deliblata), Serbia. It was built in 1925.
Micro-Partitioning is a form of logical partitioning which was introduced by IBM on systems using the POWER5 processor, and is also referred to as a shared processor partition, and only differs from a dedicated processor partition in the way CPU utilization is configured and managed by the POWER Hypervisor (PHYP) firmware. All IBM POWER5 and POWER6 systems are partitioned and will run "on top" of the PHYP.
The POWER Hypervisor controls time slicing, management of all hardware interrupts, dynamic movement of resources across multiple operating systems, and dispatching of logical partition workloads. 
When a shared processor partition is activated by the PHYP, the LPAR is guaranteed a certain processing capacity, if needed, and a number of virtual processors, based on configuration and current availability. The processing capacity is drawn from a pool of shared processor resources.
The minimum processing capacity per processor is 1/10 of a physical processor core, with a further granularity of 1/100, and the PHYP uses a 10 ms time slicing dispatch window for scheduling all shared processor partitions' virtual processor queues to the PHYP physical processor core queues. A shared processor partition can be either capped or uncapped. A capped partition can never exceed the currently configured processing capacity, whereas an uncapped partition can exceed the currently configured processing capacity up to 100% of the number of the currently configured virtual processors.
If the shared processor partition is DLPAR capable, the number of virtual processors and processing capacity can be altered dynamically for the partition.
Robin Packalen (born 24 August 1998), previously known by his mononym Robin, is a Finnish singer who started as a teen pop artist. During his career, Packalen's certified albums and singles sales have amounted to over 370,000 copies, making him one of the 70 best-selling artists of all-time in Finland.


Wizz Fizz is an Australian brand of sherbet manufactured by Fyna Foods Australia Pty Ltd.
Wizz Fizz is available in 12.5-gram paper sachets in the form of a very fine powder, and it is most commonly sold at convenience stores and supermarkets. The sweet is known for its small plastic shovel, that allows mess-free consumption of the sherbet straight from the sachet.
Pamela Sue Rush (died July 2020) was an American poverty, civil rights, and environmental justice activist who lived in rural Tyler, Alabama, and who fought against poverty and inequality.
Deep Secret is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones, published by Gollancz in 1997. It is the first in the Magids series.
Osaka Castle (大坂城 or 大阪城, Ōsaka-jō) is a Japanese castle in Chūō-ku, Osaka, Japan. The castle is one of Japan's most famous landmarks and it played a major role in the unification of Japan during the sixteenth century of the Azuchi-Momoyama period.


Alexander Crummell (March 3, 1819 – September 10, 1898) was an American minister and academic. Ordained as an Episcopal priest in the United States, Crummell went to England in the late 1840s to raise money for his church by lecturing about American slavery. Abolitionists supported his three years of study at Cambridge University, where Crummell developed concepts of pan-Africanism and was the school's first recorded Black student and graduate.
In 1853, Crummell moved to Liberia, where he worked to convert Africans to Christianity and educate them, as well as to persuade African-American colonists of his ideas. He wanted to attract American Blacks to Africa on a civilizing mission. Crummell lived and worked for 20 years in Liberia and appealed to American Blacks to join him, but did not gather wide support for his ideas.
After returning to the United States in 1872, Crummell was called to St. Mary's Episcopal Mission in Washington, DC.  In 1875, he and his congregation founded St. Luke's Episcopal Church, the first independent Black Episcopal church in the city. Crummell served as rector there until his retirement in 1894.
Santhinikethanam Model Higher Secondary School (SMHSS) is the higher secondary school located in the village of Sooranad, Kerala, India. It is run by the Smhss.org Patharam Educational & Cultural Society.
WNHG 89.7 FM is a radio station in Grand Rapids, Michigan, broadcasting a Christian radio programming format as a simulcast of WGCP 91.9 FM in Cadillac, Michigan. Both WGCP and WNHG are owned and operated by West Central Michigan Media Ministries.
Stump Lake is a lake in the Nicola Country region of the South-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, northeast from and of a smaller size to Nicola Lake at approximately 11 km long. Stump Lake is the location of the community of Stump Lake and is important in local native history as one of the original settlement sites of the alliance of Okanagan and Nlaka'pamux people today known as the Nicola people.
Stump Lake is a short 53 km distance north of Merritt on the Old Merritt Highway (5A). The lake, which is popular for fishing, boating, and outdoor water recreation, is home to the historic Stump Lake Ranch and is rich in ranching.


The Fourth convocation of Parliament of Georgia (Georgian: საქართველოს მეოთხე მოწვევის პარლამენტი) was elected on November 5, 1995, on the basis of the new constitution.
Elections were held by proportional and majoritarian system. 150 of the 235 mandates of the Parliament were distributed proportionally to the parties that received more than 5% of the votes participating in the elections. 85 deputies were elected from the administrative units of Georgia. 12 majority deputies were automatically empowered, as they represented the majority deputies of Abkhazia's districts, and in the remaining 73 majority districts, elections were held as usual.
The 1955 Men's European Volleyball Championship, the fourth edition of the event, was organized by Europe's governing volleyball body, the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball. It was hosted in Bucharest, Romania from June 15 to June 25, 1955.
Fascinating Youth is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Sam Wood. It starred Charles "Buddy" Rogers (in his feature debut), along with Thelma Todd and Josephine Dunn in supporting roles.  Many well-known personalities made guest appearances in the film, judging a beauty contest in one scene, and Clara Bow makes a cameo appearance in her second film for Paramount Pictures.


Holt Township is a township in Fillmore County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 307 at the 2000 census.
Holt Township was organized in 1858, and named for Gilbert Holt, an early settler.
The Gebel el-Arak Knife, also Jebel el-Arak Knife, is an ivory and flint knife dating from the Naqada II period of Egyptian prehistory (3500—3200 BC), showing Mesopotamian influence. The knife was purchased in 1914 in Cairo by Georges Aaron Bénédite for the Louvre, where it is now on display in the Sully wing, room 633. At the time of its purchase, the knife handle was alleged by the seller to have been found at the site of Gebel el-Arak, but it is today believed to come from Abydos.
Esther Island is an island in the northwestern part of Prince William Sound on the south-central coast of the state of Alaska in the United States. It has a land area of 127.336 km2 (49.165 sq mi) and a resident population of 31 persons as of the 2000 census. The island is the site of the South Esther Island State Marine Park, a part of the Alaska State Parks system. The island is only accessible by floatplane or boat and has no permanent settlements other than the Wally Noerenberg Hatchery, one of the world's largest salmon hatcheries, owned and operated by the Prince William Sound Aquaculture Corporation (PWSAC). The hatchery raises three different species of salmon (pink salmon, chum salmon, and coho salmon) and is located within the state marine park.
Azadegan Rural District (Persian: دهستان آزادگان) is in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran province, Iran. Its capital is the village of Khvorshid Kola.
Clettharina is a genus of moths of the family Nolidae. The genus was erected by George Hampson in 1894.
Selig Brodetsky (Hebrew: אשר זליג ברודצקי, romanized: Asher Zelig Brodetsky; 10 February 1888 – 18 May 1954) was an English mathematician, a member of the World Zionist Executive, the president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, and the second president of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Teys Australia is a meat-processing company headquartered at Building 3, Freeway Office Park, 2728 Logan Rd, Eight Mile Plains QLD 4113, Australia. In 2014, it was Australia's second-largest meat processor and exporter, with export operations in 40 countries.


MV Lisco Gloria was a ROPAX ferry, sailing under a Lithuanian flag for the shipowner DFDS Seaways. An explosive fire engulfed the ship while en route to Klaipėda on 9 October 2010.
The Sager Strong Award is an annual award given by the National Basketball Association. It is presented to "an individual who has been a trailblazer while exemplifying courage, faith, compassion, and grace." The award was created in 2017 to honor the longtime NBA sideline reporter Craig Sager (1951-2016), and the recipient receives a replica of the colorful sports coat that Sager wore when accepting the 2016 Jimmy V Award.
Alan Good (12 July 1867 – 30 April 1938) was a New Zealand rugby union player who represented the All Blacks in 1893. His position of choice was wing three-quarter. Good did not play any test matches as New Zealand did not play their first until 1903.
Good was born in Urenui and received his education at Wanganui Collegiate.
He was also an amateur athlete and in 1898 won the national amateur long jump title with a recorded jump of 19 inches and a half.
Chloé Hollings (born 15 April 1988) is a French-born Australian voice actress. She is internationally best known for voicing the character Widowmaker in the video game Overwatch (2016) in both English and French.
Ramathibodi Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลรามาธิบดี) is a university hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital,  Mahidol University. and is a hospital capable of super tertiary care. It is a teaching hospital for all undergraduate students of the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital.
William Harries may refer to:

William H. Harries, U.S. Representative from Minnesota
William Matthew Harries, member of both houses of the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope
Will Harries, Welsh rugby union player
Lawson Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It is located at the confluence of Hudson Strait and the Labrador Sea.
The island, a member of the Button Islands, is situated in the northeast part of the grouping, south-southwest of Lacy Island. It is the largest of the Button Islands. Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Holdridge Island, King Island, Leading Island, MacColl Island, and Observation Island.
Lawson Island's summit, Button Hill, rises to 255 m (837 ft) on its eastern side. Minto Anchorage is on the island's southwestern side and provides good anchorage in 36.6 m (120 ft) gravel and clay.
This is a list of Polish television related events from 2002.
Nicophon (Greek: Νικοφῶν, also Nicophron, Greek: Νικόφρων), the son of a certain Theron, was an Athenian comic poet, a contemporary of  Aristophanes in his later years. Athenaeus states that he belonged to Old Comedy, but it is more likely that he belonged to Middle Comedy. We learn from the argument of the Plutus of Aristophanes that he exhibited one of his plays, called Ἄδωνις Adonis, in 388 BC, the date Aristophanes exhibited his Plutus.
Cheung Wah Estate (Chinese: 祥華邨) is a mixed TPS and public housing estate in Fanling, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is the first public housing estate in Fanling Town, consisting of ten residential blocks completed from 1984 to 1986. Some of the flats were sold to tenants through Tenants Purchase Scheme Phase 6A in 2004.
Daring Game is a 1968 drama film starring Lloyd Bridges and Nico Minardos, filmed at the Ivan Tors studio in Miami and in the Bahamas. The working title was The Unkillables.
Cross Classical Academy is a private, Christian, university-model school in Brownwood, Texas. It is Brownwood's only university-model school—a fast-growing alternative education model and example of the resurgent classical education movement—and one of only 21 in Texas and 51 in the United States. Following a small pilot program during the 2010-2011 school year, Cross Classical opened in fall 2011 on the campus of Union Presbyterian Church in downtown Brownwood. The school currently offers grade levels Pre-K through 8th grade and has an enrollment of 47 students for the 2016-17 school year. Its mascot is the Eagles, which is drawn from Isaiah 40:31 in the Bible.
Upper Thomson MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the Thomson–East Coast line (TEL) in Thomson, Singapore. As the name suggests, it is located along Upper Thomson Road. The five entrances of the station serve various developments such as Soo Chow Estate, Thomson Plaza and the Church of the Holy Spirit.
First announced in August 2012 as part of the Thomson line (TSL), the station was constructed as part of TEL Phase 2 (TEL2) with the merger of the TSL and the Eastern Region line (ERL). The station's construction required multiple traffic diversions along Upper Thomson Road along with a canal. Opening on 28 August 2021 along with the TEL2 stations, Upper Thomson station features Lost In Our (Concrete) Jungle by Troy Chin as part of the Art-in-Transit programme.


The 2020 Eurohockey Indoor Championship II was the 7th edition of the tournament. It took take place from 17 to 19 January 2020 in Lucerne, Switzerland.
Television broadcasting in Greece began in 1966. Nevertheless, the first TV series was aired in 1970 and was the series To Spiti me ton Foinika, aired by YENED. The next series was O Kyrios Synigoros in the same year. The first years of television there were only public channels. The first channels were the channel EIR and the TED, the channel of armed forces. Few years later TED renamed to YENED and EIR became EIRT. The public channels renamed again after the coming of PASOK in the power and they became ERT1 and ERT2. Famous series of the period of public television are O Agnostos Polemos, I Geitonia Mas, Louna Park, Christ Recrucified, Methoriakos Stathmos, oi Pantheoi. In 1989, Greek television entered in a new period, the period of private television. The first private TV channels started to broadcast in 1989. The period 1995–2009 is the best period of the Greek television and frequently characterized as the golden age of the Greek TV.
Manipuri people aka Meitei people are the predominant ethnic group of Manipur in Northeast India.
Manipuri people may also refer to:

People from the state of Manipur
People who speak Manipuri language (Meitei language)
Bishnupriya Manipuri people, aka the Bishnupriya Meiteis, or simply as the Bishnupriyas, an ethnic group found in the parts of Northeast India and northeastern Bangladesh
Meitei Pangals, Meitei speaking Muslims
The Battle of Valverde, also known as the Battle of Valverde Ford, was fought from February 20 to 21, 1862, near the town of Val Verde at a ford of the Rio Grande in Union-held New Mexico Territory, in what is today the state of New Mexico. It is considered a major Confederate success in the New Mexico Campaign of the American Civil War, despite the invading force abandoning the field. The belligerents were Confederate cavalry from Texas and several companies of Arizona militia versus U.S. Army regulars and Union volunteers from northern New Mexico Territory and the Colorado Territory.
Minuscule 32 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 296 (Von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum, on 244 leaves (14.7 cm by 10.9 cm). Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. Formerly it was Colbertinus 6511.
The manuscript is lacunose, marginalia are incomplete.
Sinacidia is a genus of tephritid  or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Acrocercops zamenopa is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Indonesia (Java).
The larvae feed on Coffea arabica. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
Lee Roy Raymond (born August 13, 1938) is an American businessman and was the chief executive officer (CEO) and chairman of ExxonMobil from 1999 to 2005. He had previously been the CEO of Exxon since 1993. He joined the company in 1963 and served as president from 1987 and a director beginning in 1984.
While at Exxon, Raymond was one of the most outspoken executives in the United States against regulation to curtail global warming. While casting doubt on climate change in public, internal Exxon research pointed to the role of human activity in climate change and the dangers of climate change which was characterized in the PBS Frontline three-part documentary "The Power of Big Oil".
Miss Denmark 2022 was the 9th edition of the Miss Denmark pageant, was held on August 28, 2022 at Grand Sierra Resort in Copenhagen. Sara Langtved of Københavns Amt crowned her successor Malou Peters of Storstrøm at the end of the event. The winner will represent Denmark at the upcoming Miss Universe 2022 and Miss Supranational 2023 pageants. The selected Miss World Denmark will participate in the Miss World 2022 while the three runner-ups will participate at the Miss International 2022, Miss Earth 2022, and Miss Grand International 2022.
Gandak (Persian: گندك; also known as Ganduk) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 682, in 123 families.
Fangshan Chengguan station (simplified Chinese: 房山城关站; traditional Chinese: 房山城關站; pinyin: Fángshān Chéngguān Zhàn) is a station on Yanfang Line of the Beijing Subway. It was opened on 30 December 2017.
Per Richard Herrey (born 1964) is a Swedish artist, politician in the Moderate Party, media personality and restaurant manager.
Alfred Meyer (4 August 1882 – 9 January 1956) was a German writer. His work was part of the literature event in the art competition at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Qiu Zhu (Chinese: 仇珠; Wade–Giles: Ch'iu Chu; fl. 1565–1585), commonly known as Miss Qiu and by her art name Duling Neishi (Chinese: 杜陵内史), was a Chinese painter during the Ming dynasty, noted for paintings with figures (rather than landscapes), including several depictions of the goddess Guanyin.
"Resistiré" (I Will Resist) is a pop rock song performed by Argentine band Erreway. The song was used as the closing theme for the Cris Morena Group series Rebelde Way. "Resistiré" is considered one of the band's biggest hits.
Goodspeed may refer to:

Goodspeed (surname), including a list of people with the name
Goodspeed Airport, in East Haddam, Connecticut, US
Goodspeed Glacier, a small hanging glacier in Antarctica
Goodspeed Hall, a dormitory of the University of Chicago (Illinois, US)
Goodspeed House, a historic structure in Barnstable, Massachusetts, US
Goodspeed Memorial Library, in Wilton, Maine, US
Goodspeed Musicals, a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving and encouraging music
Goodspeed Nunataks, a group of nunataks at the Fisher Glacier in Antarctica
Goodspeed Opera House Tony-award-winning musical theater
Goodspeed Publishing, a company in Chicago, Illinois, US, that specialized in publishing works of local history and biography
Goodspeed (internet provider), a roaming free mobile internet provider
Godspeed (ship), one of the ships sent to found Jamestown, Virginia
BBC News Online is the website of BBC News, the division of the BBC responsible for newsgathering and production. It is one of the most popular news websites, with 1.2 billion website visits in April 2021, as well as being used by 60% of the UK's internet users for news.
The website contains international news coverage, as well as British, entertainment, science, and political news. Many reports are accompanied by audio and video from the BBC's television and radio news services, while the latest TV and radio bulletins are also available to view or listen to on the site together with other current affairs programmes.
BBC News Online is closely linked to its sister department website, that of BBC Sport. Both sites follow similar layout and content options and respective journalists work alongside each other. Location information provided by users is also shared with the website of BBC Weather to provide local content.
From 1998 to 2001 the site was named best news website at the BAFTA Interactive Entertainment Awards when the award category was withdrawn. It has previously won both the Judges' award and the People's Voice award for best news site at the annual Webby Awards.
Mieszkowo [mjɛʂˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Michele Modica (Italian pronunciation: [miˈkɛːle ˈmɔːdika]; born 1955) is an Italian businessman who has been active in organized crime in the United States and Canada.
Erika Heynatz (born 25 March 1975) is an Australian model, actress, singer, and television personality. She joined long-running Australian TV series Home and Away in June 2015, as villainous biology teacher Charlotte King.
Koji Nakano (中野 浩二, Nakano Kōji, born August 1974) is a Japanese composer.
The Thibodaux Pilots were a minor-league baseball team based in Thibodaux, Louisiana. The team played in 1954 in the Evangeline League.
In 1954, the Texas City Pilots joined the Evangeline League, but moved to Thibodaux, Louisiana on June 17, 1954, becoming the Thibodaux Pilots.
The W. R. Stafford Planing Mill Site was the site of a mill, located on Huron Street in Port Hope, Michigan. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
Tucson Raiders is a 1944 American Western film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Wild Bill Elliott in the role of Red Ryder. It was the first of twenty-three Red Ryder feature films that would be produced by Republic Pictures. The picture was shot on the studio’s back lot along with outdoor locations at Iverson Ranch, 1 Iverson Lane, Chatsworth, Los Angeles.
"Abraham Lincoln, what would you do?" is an American patriotic musical composition released in 1918. Its lyrics were written by Carol Hirsch and its music composed by Baker and Blink. The song is considered to be part of a larger effort to create support for American efforts during World War I.
Firth, Pond & Company was an American music company that published sheet music  and distributed musical instruments in the 19th and early 20th centuries. The company began in 1847 when William Hall broke with partners John Firth and Sylvanus Pond, thus disbanding their New York-based publishing company, Firth & Hall.
Firth and Pond reformed under the name Firth, Pond & Company. Publishing of sheet music made up their core business, and the company played a key role in the popularizing of works by songwriters such as Stephen Foster and Dan Emmett. They preferred material from the minstrel shows to more serious fare, although the company did publish material such as Foster's non-blackface ballads and songs by Louis Moreau Gottschalk.
In the 1850s, demand steadily grew in the United States for guitars. Firth, Pond & Company offered the instruments under its imprint, advertising, "Guitars of Our Own  Manufacture, of Superior Tone and Finish, in Lined Case, for $15 to $50". These were actually created by guitar makers such as C. F. Martin and James Ashborn. By 1855, Firth, Pond & Company sold $50,000 in pianos and $30,000 in guitars and other instruments; sheet music revenues were $70,000.
When Firth and Pond parted ways, the company split into Firth, Son & Company and William Pond & Company. Firth, Son & Company was acquired by Oliver Ditson & Co. in 1867. William Pond & Company ceased in 1917; its catalog was eventually acquired by Carl Fischer Music.
Tully Township is one of the twelve townships of Van Wert County, Ohio, United States.  The 2020 census found 2,013 people in the township.
Ashley Gordon, known professionally as Ash Gordon, is an American singer-songwriter. She is signed to Pulse Music Group. She is best known for her work with RuPaul's Drag Race contestants Trixie Mattel & Katya, and for co-writing Drag: The Musical with Alaska Thunderfuck.
Melospiza is a genus of passerine birds formerly placed in the family Emberizidae, but now placed in Passerellidae. The genus, commonly referred to as "song sparrows," currently contains three species, all of which are native to North America.
Members of Melospiza are medium-sized sparrows with long tails, which are pumped in flight and held moderately high on perching. They are not seen in flocks, but as a few individuals or solitary. They prefer brushy habitats, often near water.
Halton—Peel was a federal electoral district represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1997. It was located in the province of Ontario. This riding was created in 1987 from parts of Brampton—Georgetown, Halton and York—Peel ridings.
It consisted of the northern part of the City of Burlington, the Town of Halton Hills, the part of the Town of Milton lying between Tremaine Road and the Macdonald-Cartier Freeway, and the Town of Caledon.
The electoral district was abolished in 1996 when it was re-distributed between Burlington, Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey, and Halton ridings.
Edward John Bassett (1 January 1889 – 25 November 1970) was an English association football winger.


The AA Jefferson District is a district in the Virginia High School League. There are eight member schools. The District is named in honor of Thomas Jefferson, and member schools are clustered around Charlottesville. The District was created in the late 1990s from parts of the Valley and Battlefield Districts, as increased enrollment had forced Fluvanna County and William Monroe to become Group AA schools. Since 2013, the district is used only for regular season, as the members compete in the playoffs at the 3A, 4A, or 5A level.
Sir Ernest Edward Blake  (1845 – 30 November 1920) was a British colonial official who was Crown Agent for the Colonies from 1881 until 1909.
Willis Island is the only permanently inhabited island in the Coral Sea Islands Territory, an external territory of Australia, located beyond the Great Barrier Reef in the Coral Sea. The island is located some 450 kilometres (280 mi) east of Cairns, Queensland.  It is the southernmost of the Willis Islets, a group of three islands which with their associated sandy cays stretch in a NNE to SSW line for about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi).  Willis Island itself is aligned NW to SE and is about 500 metres (1,600 ft) long by 150 metres (490 ft) wide, 7.7 hectares (19 acres) in area, rising to about 9 metres (30 ft) above sea level.


Durjaya, now North Guwahati, was capital of Kamarupa kingdom under the Pala Dynasty for the period 900 to 1100 C.E. Pala rulers built their capital on the banks of the Brahmaputra and surrounded it with a rampart and a strong palisade, whence they named it Durjaya (meaning impregnable). Many wealthy merchants lived there in safety and it boasted of many plastered turrets. Encouraged by the King, the learned men, religious preceptors, and poets made it a place of resort.
A spandrel is a roughly triangular space, usually found in pairs, between the top of an arch and a rectangular frame, between the tops of two adjacent arches, or one of the four spaces between a circle within a square. They are frequently filled with decorative elements.
Sathonay is a former commune of the Ain department in France. It was divided into two new communes in 1908: Sathonay-Camp and Sathonay-Village. Since 1968, these communes are not part of Ain any longer, but are part of the Rhône department.
Blue Fable is an album by pianist Larry Willis which was recorded in 2006 and released on the Highnote label early the following year.
Fuentenava de Jábaga is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. As of 2023, it had a population of 579.
Kindersley is a town surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Kindersley No. 290 in west-central Saskatchewan, Canada. It is located along Highway 7, a primary highway linking Calgary, Alberta and Saskatoon, at its junction with Highway 21. With a population of 4,567 in 2021, it is an established industrial base for the resource-rich west-central region of the province and a service centre to the oil and gas industry and agriculture production.
Diébougou is a department or commune of Bougouriba Province in south-western Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Diebougou. According to the 2019 census the department has a total population of 63,280.
Walter Abbott Wood (October 23, 1815 – January 15, 1892) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from New York.
The Lincoln Aviator is a mid-size, three-row luxury SUV manufactured and marketed under the Lincoln brand of Ford Motor Company — and now in its second generation, with a hiatus from 2006 to 2020.
The first generation Aviator was manufactured for 2003–2005 model years as a rebadged variant of the third generation Ford Explorer — and assembled at the now-closed St. Louis Assembly in Hazelwood, Missouri, alongside the Explorer and Mountaineer.
For the 2020 model year, Lincoln reintroduced the Aviator as a badge engineered variant of the sixth generation Ford Explorer manufactured at Chicago Assembly and offered with a plug-in hybrid variant.


Doldersum is a hamlet in the Dutch province of Drenthe. It is a part of the municipality of Westerveld, and lies about 24 km northwest of Hoogeveen.
It was first mentioned in 1402 as Doldersem. The etymology is unknown.
On 7 to 8 September 1944, 21 young men escaped from a forced labour camp in Vledder. The resistance hid them in the forest of Doldersum. One of the hiding places was discovered, and seven were shot. One survived, but remained handicapped. A monument has been placed on the heath in their honour.
The Śrīmālādevī Siṃhanāda Sūtra (traditional Chinese: 勝鬘師子吼一乘大方便方廣經, Lion’s Roar of Queen Śrīmālā) is one of the main early Mahāyāna Buddhist texts belonging to the Tathāgatagarbha sūtras that teaches the doctrines of Buddha-nature and "One Vehicle" through the words of the Indian queen Śrīmālā. After its composition, this text became the primary scriptural advocate in India for the universal potentiality of Buddhahood.
Ismael Vázquez Virreira (26 September 1865 – 4 September 1930) was a Bolivian lawyer, orator, and politician who served as the 20th vice president of Bolivia from 1917 to 1920. He served as first vice president alongside second vice president José Santos Quinteros during the administration of José Gutiérrez Guerra.
The International Space Station has a large number of cameras, lenses, and other photography equipment on board.
Eisenhower Memorial Wayside Park is a 7-acre (2.8 ha) park in Carroll, New Hampshire, along Route 302. There are views of the Presidential Range in the White Mountain National Forest. Picnic tables are available.
The park was established in 1979 as a gift from the Bretton Woods Corporation and honors U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Hlupín is a municipality and village in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 90 inhabitants.
Hlupín lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Strakonice, 63 km (39 mi) north-west of České Budějovice, and 95 km (59 mi) south-west of Prague.
Art Supawatt Purdy (born Supawatt Aumprasit (Thai: ศุภวัฒน์ อ่ำประสิทธิ์), on September 1, 1974, in Bangkok, Thailand) is a Thai-American actor, singer, model and television host. Fluent in both English and Thai, Purdy acted in the leading role in several Thai language television mini-series (lakhon) before starting his singing career in 2003.
Mount Palmerston is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 26 km (16 mi) west of Sayward and 22 km (14 mi) north of Mount Abel.


Elizabeth Barrett Browning: A Biography by Margaret Forster, first published in 1988, is a biography of the English poet Elizabeth Barrett Browning, which won the Heinemann Award in 1989. Forster draws on newly discovered letters and papers that shed light on the poet's life before she met and eloped with Robert Browning, and rewrites the myth of the invalid poet guarded by an ogre-like father, to give a more-nuanced picture of an active, difficult woman who was complicit in her own virtual imprisonment. It remained the most-detailed published biography of the poet in 2003, and was one of the best known of Forster's biographies in 2016.
David Duke Jr. (born October 13, 1999) is an American professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA), on a two-way contract with the Austin Spurs of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the Providence Friars.
Amanullah Khan (1950 – 6 March 2020), known professionally as Amanullah, was a Pakistani Punjabi theatre performer, comedian and TV artist regarded as one of the best comedians in the Indian subcontinent. He was cited as one of the world's best observational comedians as he learned through his surroundings and everyday happenings. He influenced many artists as well as people.
Amanullah began his professional career in 1977 with the play Sixer, and remained active till his death in 2020.
In a career spanning some 50 years, he performed in over 2000 stage plays.
He has a world record of 860-day night theatre plays.
According to famous Pakistani comedian Sohail Ahmed, Amanullah Khan was regarded as one of the top comedians in Pakistan as well in the Indian subcontinent. He also appeared in Khabarzar with Aftab Iqbal on Aap News.
Rudy den Outer (born 22 July 1954 in Rotterdam) is a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country at the 2008 Vintage Yachting Games in Medemblik, as helmsman in the Dutch Soling Sophie's Choice. Den Outer with crew members Leo Determan and Ronald den Arend took the Gold. In the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games, this time with crew members Gavin Lidlow and Ramzi Souli the team took the Silver medal in Bellano, Italy. In 2003 with helmsman Fred Imhoff and Richard van Rij he became European Champion in the Dragon at Kinsale, Ireland. Den Outer is also very active in the organization of major International Sailing events for Olympic and former Olympic classes.
The Skipjack class was a class of United States Navy nuclear submarines (SSNs) that entered service from  1959 to 1961.  This class was named after its lead boat, USS Skipjack.  The new class introduced the teardrop hull and the S5W reactor to U.S. nuclear submarines. The Skipjacks were the fastest U.S. nuclear submarines until the Los Angeles-class submarines, the first of which entered service in 1974.
Roman Ruslanovych Yalovenko (Ukrainian: Роман Русланович Яловенко; born 8 February 1997) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Championnat National 2 club Poissy.
Haramiyida is a possibly paraphyletic order of mammaliaform cynodonts or mammals of controversial taxonomic affinites. Their teeth, which are by far the most common remains, resemble those of the multituberculates. However, based on Haramiyavia, the jaw is less derived; and at the level of evolution of earlier basal mammals like Morganucodon and Kuehneotherium, with a groove for ear ossicles on the dentary. Some authors have placed them in a clade with Multituberculata dubbed Allotheria within Mammalia. Other studies have disputed this and suggested the Haramiyida were not crown mammals, but were part of an earlier offshoot of mammaliaformes instead. It is also disputed whether the Late Triassic species are closely related to the Jurassic and Cretaceous members belonging to Euharamiyida/Eleutherodontida, as some phylogenetic studies recover the two groups as unrelated, recovering the Triassic haramiyidians as non-mammalian cynodonts, while recovering the Euharamiyida as crown-group mammals closely related to multituberculates.
This is a list of Hindu temples in the Indian state of Uttarakhand.
The Caspian cobra (Naja oxiana), also called the Central Asian cobra or Russian cobra, is a species of highly venomous snake in the family Elapidae. The species is endemic to Central Asia. First described by Karl Eichwald, a German physician, in 1831, it was for many years considered to be a subspecies of the Naja naja until genetic analysis revealed it to be a distinct species.
Elections to Cannock Chase District Council took place on 2 May 2019 on the same day as other local elections in England, including to several parish councils in the district. All of the council's wards were up for election, meaning a total of 15 councillors were elected.
Before the election, the Labour Party held control of the council with 21 seats, a majority of one. They were aiming to defend the six seats they won at the 2015 election as well as another in Hednesford Green Heath which they gained at a by-election in September 2017. Labour lost four of the seven seats they were defending and only gained one, meaning they lost their overall majority on the council. Four Labour candidates stood as joint Labour and Co-operative candidates and one was elected adding to the three councillors who also represented the Co-operative Party on the council.
The Conservatives had previously strengthened their position as the largest opposition group on the council at the previous elections and maintained their total of 15 seats. They lost one seat to the Green Party and another to Labour but also gained two seats from Labour, including one of the Hednesford seats they lost in the 2017 by-elections.
The Green Party had not won any seats in 2015 but went on to gain one seat in 2016, one seat in the 2017 by-elections and another in 2018. They retained their by-election seat and gained two seats, one from Labour and another from the Conservatives, to take their total up to five seats.
The Liberal Democrats only fielded two candidates this year: one in Brereton & Ravenhill and one in Rawnsley, both former strongholds of theirs. They succeeded in regaining Brereton & Ravenhill which they had lost to Labour in 2015. UKIP stood in six wards and increased their share of the vote compared to 2018 but did not gain any seats. Two independent candidates also stood but neither were elected.
The Hasselblad Award (in full: Hasselblad Foundation International Award in Photography) is an award granted to "a photographer recognized for major achievements".
Ailia coila, also known as the Gangetic ailia is a species of catfish in the family Ailiidae native to India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan.  This species grows to a length of 30 centimetres (12 in) TL.  
Locally this fish is known as "kajoli in West Bengal. In Bangladesh, people call it banspata (bamboo leaf). Its flesh is regarded as highly palatable. 
This fish is of importance to local commercial fisheries.
The habitat of A. coila is sharply decreasing due to natural and anthropogenic causes.
A. coila is most closely related to Eutropiichthys vacha with 85.63% genetic sequence identity.


Sarez Lake ( sə-REZ) is a lake in Rushon District of Gorno-Badakhshan province, Tajikistan. Its length is about 75.8 kilometres (47.1 mi), its depth about a few hundred meters, its water surface elevation about 3,263 metres (10,705 ft) above sea level, and volume of water over 16 cubic kilometres (3.8 cu mi). The mountains around it rise over 2,300 metres (7,500 ft) above the lake level.
The lake formed in 1911, after a great earthquake, when the Murghab River was blocked by a big landslide. Scientists believe that the landslide dam formed by the earthquake, known as the Usoi Dam, is unstable given local seismicity, and that the terrain below the lake is in danger of catastrophic flood if the dam were to fail during a future earthquake. The Usoi Dam wall survived a localised 7.2 magnitude earthquake, the 2015 Tajikistan earthquake, on the 7th December 2015 with no visible signs of deterioration.
Shadau Lake is a small water body southwest of the Usoi Dam and west of Sarez Lake.
The 1900–01 season was the sixth competitive season in Belgian football.
Cardigan railway station in the county town of Cardigan, Ceredigion was the terminus of the Whitland and Cardigan Railway, opened on 31 August 1886. The line, previously known as the Whitland and Taf Vale Railway, and later familiarly as the 'Cardi Bach', was built between 1869 and 1873. With the extension to Cardigan opening in 1886, operations were taken over by the Great Western Railway.
Situated on the south side of the River Teifi, the arrival of the railway to Cardigan saw a gradual decline of trade from the port, with goods thereafter travelling on the railway.
The railway station closed to passengers on 10 September 1962 (prior to the Beeching Axe) but remained open to goods traffic until 27 May 1963. After that date the station remained open as a coal depot until April 1965, staffed by British Railways staff until November 1964. Final closure came on 6 September 1965. The old goods shed marks the site of the former station.
The section of old trackbed between Cardigan and Cilgerran is now a footway and cycle path through Teifi Marshes and Wildlife Park.
Centers for Scientific and Technical Creativity of the Youth (Russian: Центры научно-технического творчества молодёжи, НТТМ, NTTM) were established in the late Soviet Union during perestroika as enterprises whose goal was commercialization of science and technology.
Other translations of the Russian term are Scientific and Technical Creativity of Youth Center, Youth Center for Scientific Creativity, etc.
The Centers were introduced by a joint decree of the USSR Council of Ministers, All-Union Central Council of Trade Unions, and Komsomol Central Committee no. 321 (March 13, 1987) "об образовании единой общегосударственной системы научно-технического творчества молодежи". They were established as subsidiaries of Komsomol raikoms.
The Centers enjoyed various benefits, including no taxes and only 3% contribution to the all-union fund.
The fortunes of quite a few "new Russians", notably Mikhail Khodorkovsky, arose from these Centers.
The Centers continue to exist in modern Russia.
Similar establishments were the Foundations of Youth Initiatives (фонды молодёжных инициатив, ФМИ).
Tin Star is a British crime drama television series created by Rowan Joffé. The series focuses on Jim Worth, a former London Metropolitan Police Service detective who becomes chief of police of a Canadian town in the Rocky Mountains. It stars Tim Roth, Genevieve O'Reilly, Abigail Lawrie, Oliver Coopersmith, Ian Hart and Christina Hendricks.
The series premiered on Sky Atlantic on 7 September 2017, and became available on Amazon Video internationally on 29 September. Series 2 premiered 24 January 2019. The third and final series takes place in Liverpool, England. Production for the series commenced in 2019, with all episodes airing in December 2020.
Matignon Accords or Matignon Agreements may refer to:

Matignon Agreements (1936), an agreement between the French government, employers and labour guaranteeing trade union membership and negotiating rights, a 40-hour working week and paid workers' holidays
Matignon Agreements (1988), an agreement for increased New Caledonian territorial autonomy between the French government, Kanak independence activists and French settlers
John William Bates (August 21, 1882 – February 10, 1949) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He played nine seasons in the majors from 1906 until 1914. Bates played for the Boston Beaneaters, Philadelphia Phillies, Cincinnati Reds, and Chicago Cubs in the National League, and finished his career with the Baltimore Terrapins of the Federal League. Bates hit for the cycle in 1907.


Holiday is a 1930 American pre-Code romantic comedy film which tells the story of a young man who is torn between his free-thinking lifestyle and the tradition of his wealthy fiancée's family. It stars Ann Harding, Mary Astor, Edward Everett Horton, Robert Ames and Hedda Hopper. It was produced and released by Pathé Exchange.
The film was adapted by Horace Jackson from the 1928 play by Philip Barry.  It was directed by Edward H. Griffith.
Alférez Armando Rodríguez Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Alférez Armando Rodríguez, IATA: LLS, ICAO: SATK) is a public use airport serving Las Lomitas, a town in the Formosa Province of Argentina. The airport is 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of the town.
In 2012, the Argentine Air Force installed a long range primary air surveillance radar (es) at the airport.
The College of Education at Michigan State University (MSU)  has four departments that offer doctoral, graduate, undergraduate and online courses:

Department of Counseling, Educational Psychology and Special Education (CEPSE)
Department of Educational Administration (EAD)
Department of Kinesiology (KIN)
Department of Teacher Education (TE)
The MSU College of Education is located in East Lansing, MI and is the primary education school of MSU.
The Jewish community of Greater Columbus has made up a small but noteworthy part of the region since the arrival of Jews in 1840. The community has gone through periods of growth, especially in the last quarter of the 20th century. Today, the well-established community includes schools, temples, elder care facilities, kosher food services, ritual baths, social clubs, community religious learning centers and other organizations and has a population of approximately 25,500, as of the most recent 2013 study. It is the 43rd largest Jewish community in the United States and the third largest in Ohio, trailing Cleveland and Cincinnati.
José Luis Perales Morillas (born 18 January 1945) is a Spanish singer, songwriter and producer. He has recorded 27 albums and 30 million copies sold worldwide. His compositions have been recorded by singers such as Vikki Carr, Bertín Osborne, Raphael, Rocío Jurado, Jeanette, Miguel Bosé, Daniela Romo, Isabel Pantoja, Julio Iglesias, Paloma San Basilio, Mocedades, La Oreja de Van Gogh, Ricardo Montaner and Marc Anthony, among others.
Perales has performed concerts in Uruguay, Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia, Argentina, Chile, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, United States, Brazil, Italy, France, and Portugal. His most popular singles are "Quisiera Decir tu Nombre", "¿Y cómo es él?" and "¿Qué Pasará Mañana?". His song "Porque te vas", made popular by Jeanette, has been covered by more than 40 artists in France, Germany, England and Japan, until 2004.


The Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 97 are Pennsylvania State Game Lands in Bedford County in Pennsylvania in the United States providing hunting, bird watching, and other activities.


The St. Charles Battle Site is the area near St. Charles, Arkansas where the Battle of Saint Charles took place on June 17, 1862, during the American Civil War.  The battle was a land and naval engagement, in which Union gunboats engaged Confederate shore batteries and gunboats in a firefight, while infantry troops were landed on the western bank of the White River and eventually drove the Confederate forces from their shore batteries.  The battle site occupies about 9 acres (3.6 ha) on the west bank the River southeast of Saint Charles.  There are no signs left of the Confederate batteries, and the area is an undeveloped swampland, as it was in 1862.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.  The battle is also commemorated by a monument in Saint Charles.
Bion of Abdera (Greek: Βίων ὁ Ἀβδηρίτης, gen. Βίωνος) was a Greek mathematician and astronomer of Abdera, Thrace, and a pupil of Democritus. Strabo refers to him as an astrologer.  He wrote both in the Ionic and Attic dialects, and was the first who said that there were some parts of the Earth in which it was night for six months, while the remaining six months were one uninterrupted day. He also engaged in correlating the direction of winds with climate and is believed to have traveled to distant regions.
Ang Kamay ng Diyos (lit. 'The Hand of God') is a 1947 Philippine drama film directed by Eddie Romero. It was the first film ever directed by him.
Mitsuo Terada (寺田 光男, Terada Mitsuo, born October 29, 1968), known professionally as Tsunku (つんく♂), is a Japanese singer, record producer, and songwriter. He was the lead singer of the rock band Sharam Q.
As a songwriter, Tsunku is the primary producer for Morning Musume and other Hello! Project acts, such as Coconuts Musume, Berryz Kobo, Cute, V-u-den, Aya Matsuura, and Maki Goto. He has also produced music for artists such as EE Jump and Sonim. Aside from musical acts, Tsunku has also produced soundtracks for anime and video game series such as Rhythm Heaven and ClassicaLoid. The total sales of the singles he has written exceed 37.9 million copies, making him the fifth best-selling lyricist in Japan.
WASP-50 is a G-type main-sequence star about 594 light-years away. The star is older than the Sun and slightly depleted in heavy elements compared to the Sun, and has a close to average starspot activity. Despite its advanced age, the star is rotating rapidly, being spun up by the tides raised by giant planet on close orbit.
The star was named Chaophraya in December 2019 by the Thai amateur astronomers.
The 2022 NAIA baseball tournament was the 65th edition of the NAIA baseball championship. The 46-team tournament began on May 16 with Opening Round games across ten different sites and concluded with the 2022 NAIA World Series in Lewiston, Idaho that began on May 27 and ended on June 3. Southeastern (FL) defeated host Lewis–Clark State 11–5 in a winner-take-all championship for their second title in program history. Lewis–Clark State forced a winner-take-all championship game with a 10–9 victory over Southeastern earlier in the day.
For the first time since the Opening Round format began in 2009, the World Series host would be playing in the Opening Round instead of getting a direct entry into the NAIA World Series. To accommodate the automatic bid for the World Series host in the Opening Round, the tournament field expanded from 45 to 46 teams along with a tenth Opening Round site being added.
The 46 participating teams were selected from all eligible NAIA teams. The World Series host and 30 teams were awarded automatic bids as either champions and/or runners-up of their conferences, and 15 teams were selected at-large by the National Selection Committee. Teams were then placed into one of ten pre-determined Opening Round sites, with six sites consisting of five teams and four sites consisting of four teams, each of which is conducted via a double-elimination tournament. The winners of each of the Opening Round sites participated in the NAIA World Series.
Socorro High School is a public high school in Socorro, of El Paso County, Texas, United States. It was named a National Blue Ribbon School in 1994–1996.
Publius Aelius Hadrianus Afer was a distinguished and wealthy Roman senator and soldier who lived in the Roman Empire during the 1st century. Hadrianus Afer was originally from Hispania and was of Roman descent. He was born and raised in the city of Italica (near modern Seville, Spain) in the Roman province of Hispania Baetica. He came from a well-established, wealthy and aristocratic family of Praetorian rank. He was the son of the noble Roman woman Ulpia and his father was the Roman senator,  Publius Aelius Hadrianus Marullinus. Hadrianus Afer's maternal uncle was the Roman general and senator Marcus Ulpius Traianus, the father of Ulpia Marciana and her younger brother Emperor Trajan. Ulpia Marciana and Trajan were his maternal cousins.
Throughout his life, Hadrianus Afer spent some of his time in Rome. His surname Afer is Latin for African. He received the surname Afer as a nickname, due to his outstanding service in Mauretania. Hadrianus Afer married Domitia Paulina, a Hispanic Roman woman from a distinguished senatorial family who came from Gades (modern Cádiz, Spain). Their children were a daughter, Aelia Domitia Paulina (75–130) and a son, Emperor Publius Aelius Hadrianus (76–138). After reaching the praetorship, Afer and his wife died in 86. His son and daughter were placed in the guardianship of his cousin Trajan and the Roman officer Publius Acilius Attianus.
The Celebrity Series of Boston is a non-profit performing arts presenter established in Boston, Massachusetts by Boston impresario Aaron Richmond in 1938 as Aaron Richmond's Celebrity Series.
The Flatiron Building on Battery Park Avenue in Asheville, North Carolina was completed in 1926. The nine-story 52,000-square-foot building was designed by New York architect Albert C. Wirth and built by L. B. Jackson Builders of Asheville. It is a contributing building to the Downtown Asheville Historic District. In its first decade, it was to home dozens of businesses, as well as WWNC, Asheville's oldest radio station. Jimmie Rodgers, whose star persona and Appalachian musical style earned him the designation "Father of Country Music", made his first broadcast performance from WWNC's 8th-floor studio.
The building was largely occupied by business professionals, physicians, and dentists throughout its first 50 years. As Asheville slowly recovered from its post-Great Depression slump, the Flatiron's tenant mix turned over to more creatives, therapists, and small tech startups (particularly during the 2000s).   
Midtown Development Associates bought the building in 1985 for $440,000. A $1 million renovation took place at that time. Early in 2018, building manager and co-owner Russell Thomas put the building up for sale with a $16 million asking price; the buyer would be required to preserve the building. On October 8, 2018, Thomas announced the building needed $3.5 million in renovations. Shortly thereafter, local developer Philip Woollcott presented plans to convert the building from offices to a boutique hotel.
The restoration and renovation project lasted roughly 4.5 years, partly due to delays forced by the COVID-19 pandemic.  The hotel includes an Italian-Appalachian restaurant called Luminosa, a rooftop bar, an underground speakeasy, and a coworking space. The building itself has been largely preserved, with details including historic terrazzo and marble flooring, transom windows, and door signage highlighting 29 of the buildings' previous tenants. The Indigo Road Hospitality Group began accepting reservations for the 71-room Flat Iron Hotel in 2024. The hotel and restaurant officially opened on May 15, 2024.

In 1997, local artist Reed Todd installed an 8-foot tall cast iron sculpture of an antique flatiron just across Wall Street, to the building's east. The sculpture has become a popular tourist landmark and backdrop for street performers.
John Joseph Cavanaugh (June 5, 1900 – January 14, 1961) was an American Major League Baseball third baseman. He played in one game for the Philadelphia Phillies on July 7 during the 1919 Philadelphia Phillies season. He was the first player born in the 1900s to appear in a Major League Baseball game.
The Panama Canal Department was a department (geographical command) of the United States Army, responsible for the defense of the Panama Canal Zone between 1917 and 1947.
Adventures in Jazz is a CBS television show that was broadcast live from January 22, 1949, to June 24, 1949, 8-8:30 Eastern Time on Fridays, showcasing jazz musicians and singers.
Guest performers came from both traditional jazz and modern jazz styles. They included Sidney Bechet, Charlier Parker, Artie Shaw, Ella Fitzgerald, Duke Ellington, Miles Davis, Charlie Parker, Count Basie and June Christy made appearances on the short-lived series, with a total of 23 episodes.
Radio personality Fred Robbins hosted the series premiere on Saturday, January 22, 1949 (the show moved to its regular time-slot on the following Friday) but left due to other commitments.  He was replaced by DJ Bill Williams, and later bandleader Bobby Sherwood, until his return on the April 29 episode. Original host Fred Robbins explained some of the vernacular of the genres to the viewing public.
Robert L. Bach produced the program. Directors included Ralph Levy and Kingman T. Moore. 
Adventures in Jazz was a sustaining program.
Lažany or Lazany may refer to places:
Shamil Khan (Urdu: شامل خان; also known as Shamyl; born March 1978 in Islamabad) is a Pakistani film and television actor.
He's best-known for his film debut in the Punjabi language, Larki Punjaban (2003). 
He also appeared in the Hum TV serial Sadqay Tumhare.
Shamil Khan was appointed as a CLF Goodwill Ambassador by the Children's Literature Festival on July 30, 2019.


Kiff Scholl (born Christopher Scholl) is an American character actor and director for television and film.
His roles include Be Cool, Scooby-Doo!, Criminal Minds, Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss, Falling, Reno 911!, Untold Stories of the ER and numerous commercials. Theatrical productions directed by Scholl include The Poseidon Adventure, the Musical! and A Mulholland Christmas Carol both written by Bill Robens. by the LA Weekly. Scholl has won the LA Weekly Theater Award for acting, the Backstage Garland Award for directing and acting, and was nominated for a 2007 GLAAD Award.
In 2009, Kiff directed his first feature film, Scream of the Bikini, for which he won the 2009 Maverick Movie Award for Best Director  and Best Comedy at the Thrillspy Film Festival.
The son of a World War II veteran and a political activist mother, his great grandfather was Zone ReflexoCurist William Hope FitzGerald, MD, considered the Founding Father of Zone Therapy in the USA.
Scholl speaks fluent Danish after he studied in Denmark as a high school exchange student with Youth For Understanding, and currently lives in Los Angeles.
The Anales de Tlatelolco (Annals of Tlatelolco) is a codex manuscript written in Nahuatl, using Latin characters, by anonymous Aztec authors. The text has no pictorial content. Although there is an assertion that the text was a copy of one  written in 1528 in Tlatelolco, only seven years after the fall of the Aztec Empire, James Lockhart argues that there is no evidence for this early date of composition, based on internal evidence of the text. However, he supports the contention that this is an authentic conquest account, arguing that it was composed about 20 years after the conquest in the 1540s, and contemporaneous with the Cuernavaca censuses. Unlike the Florentine Codex and its account of the conquest of the Aztec Empire, the Annals of Tlatelolco remained in Nahua hands, providing authentic insight into the thoughts and outlook of the newly conquered Nahuas.
The document is the only one that contains the day the Aztecs exited Aztlan-Colhuacan, as well as the day of the founding of Mexico-Tenochtitlan.
Its authors preferred to remain anonymous, probably to protect them from the Spanish authorities. It is suspected these authors later became the sources for Bernardino de Sahagún's works.  The priest Ángel María Garibay K. provided one translation of the manuscript into Spanish in 1956, while James Lockhart published the Nahuatl text and a scholarly translation to English in 1991 in We People Here: Nahuatl Accounts of the Conquest of Mexico.
It is also variously known as Unos Annales Históricos de la Nación Mexicana ("Some Historical Annals of the Mexican Nation"), La relación anónima de Tlatelolco, “Manuscript 22”, and the "Tlatelolco Codex" (also a true codex called thus exists).  
The manuscript is held at the Bibliothèque Nationale de France in Paris. The most important publications in Spanish are: the published one by Antigua Libreria de Robredo, Mexico 1948, introduction of Robert Barlow, translation and notes of Henrich Berlin; the most recent by Conaculta, Mexico 2002, translation of Rafael Tena, Col. Cien de México, 207pp. (ISBN 9703505074). Background on the text and a popular translation to English for classroom use can be found in The Broken Spears: The Aztec Account of the Conquest of Mexico by Miguel León-Portilla and Lysander Kemp.
Zaawia Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Zawiya, Libya. The stadium holds 14,000 people.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Al Olympic Zaouia.
John Blain (born February 1, 1955) is a former professional Canadian football player with the Canadian Football League (CFL)'s the BC Lions. He attended Carson Graham Secondary School, where he joined the rugby and football team. After playing college football at San Jose State University, Blain spent his entire 11-year CFL career as an offensive lineman. He was named CFL All-Star in 1983, 1984 and 1985, and was a part of the Lions Grey Cup victory in 1985.
He was the Principal at Ladysmith Secondary School on Vancouver Island until the spring of 2009. Soon after, his occupation consisted of being a Principal at Dover Bay Secondary School on Vancouver Island until the summer of 2012.
Oganes Danielian (Armenian: Հովհաննես Դանիելյան, romanized: Hovhannes Danielyan; 3 January 1974 – 3 August 2016) was an Armenian chess player. He was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 1999.


Kissem Run is a 1.74 mi (2.80 km) long first-order tributary to West Branch Tunungwant Creek.  This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
"Bend It Until It Breaks" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist John Anderson. It was released in November 1994 as the second single from his album Country 'til I Die. The song reached number 3 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and number 28 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.  Anderson wrote the song with Lionel Delmore. It is the last Top 10 hit for Anderson to date.


Axis Records may refer to:

A record label operated by Jeff Mills, which releases most of his work
Former name of 4AD, a record label started in 1979 as Axis Records by Ivo Watts-Russell and Peter Kent
A budget record label derived from EMI
John Schneider (born January 1, 1945) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He played college football at the University of Toledo and is a member of their athletic hall of fame (inducted 1982).
Sophie Mette (13 September 1959) is a French politician of the Democratic Movement (MoDem) who has been a member of the National Assembly since 18 June 2017, representing the department of Gironde.
Andrea Cheng (September 19, 1957 – December 26, 2015) was a Hungarian-American author of children's books and poet, best known for her Anna Wang Series of middle grade novels and Shanghai Messenger. She has written over 25 books, spanning genres like Picture books, young adult, Chapter books, non-fiction, and poetry.
The Kocatepe Mosque (Turkish: Kocatepe Camii) is the largest mosque in Ankara, Turkey. It was built between 1967 and 1987 in the Kocatepe quarter in Kızılay, and its size and prominent situation have made it a landmark that can be seen from almost anywhere in central Ankara.
Christian Arntzen (8 August 1852 – 14 February 1911) was a Norwegian-Danish architect.
Arntzen was born at Alstahaug in Nordland, Norway. In 1875, he was admitted to the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts. Arntzen worked as a designer with Hermann Baagøe Storck, Ludvig Fenger and Valdemar Ingemann.
He designed villas and commercial buildings, including the customs house at the Freeport of Copenhagen.
He died in Copenhagen and was buried at Assistens Cemetery.
Thomas Bennett Gillespie (28 February 1901 – 1975) was a Scottish footballer who played professionally as a forward in Scotland, England and the United States.
Fred Pierce Corson (11 April 1896 – 16 February 1985) was an American bishop of The Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church, elected in 1944.  He also distinguished himself as a Methodist pastor and district superintendent; as the twentieth president of Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania; and as an ecumenical Christian leader.
Duvaucelia manicata is a species of dendronotid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
Social Circle is a city in southern Walton County, extending into Newton County, in the U.S. state of Georgia, 45 miles east of Atlanta.
Kanonicza Street (Polish: Ulica Kanonicza, lit. Canon Street) - a historic street in Kraków, Poland. The street was once part of the hamlet of Okół, connected with Kraków in 1401. Formerly, the buildings along the street housed cathedral canons, and to this day many of their Baroque and Renaissance have remained present.
The southern end of the street was closed off with the Poboczna Gate, demolished during the urban modernisation of Kraków.
In phylogenetics, an apomorphy (or derived trait) is a novel character or character state that has evolved from its ancestral form (or plesiomorphy). A synapomorphy is an apomorphy shared by two or more taxa and is therefore hypothesized to have evolved in their most recent common ancestor. In cladistics, synapomorphy implies homology.
Examples of apomorphy are the presence of erect gait, fur, the evolution of three  middle ear bones, and mammary glands in mammals but not in other vertebrate animals such as amphibians or reptiles, which have retained their ancestral traits of a sprawling gait and lack of fur. Thus, these derived traits are also synapomorphies of mammals in general as they are not shared by other vertebrate animals.
Urbandale may refer to: 

Urbandale, Iowa, a city with a population of 39,463 at the 2010 U.S. Census
Urbandale, Illinois, an unincorporated community
Urbandale, Ottawa, a neighbourhood in Ottawa
The National Council of Ministers of the Babangida administration was inaugurated in September 1985 and was made up of a mixture of civilian and serving and former military officers. But towards the end of the administration in January 1993, a transitional council made up of civilian cabinet members with the official titles of secretary was inaugurated.
Shlomo ben Yitzchak HaLevi (1532–1600) was a prominent rabbinic scholar in Thessaloniki, Greece, during the Jewish community's "Golden Age." Among his other duties, he served the exiled Jews from Évora, Portugal.
His grandson, Shlomo ben Yitzchak HaLevi II, most well known for his responsa Maharash Levi (or Maharash L'veit HaLevi), published in Thessaloniki in 1652. These responsa are arranged according to the four-volume structural model of the Arba'ah Turim, and have been cited by such later rabbinic authorities as Rabbi Avraham Gombiner in his Magen Avraham.
Henry Martin (born 1965-07-25 in San Juan) is an Argentine racing driver. He has run in different series, with major success in Turismo Carretera, TRV6 and TC 2000.
Solomon Braun (1868–1899) was a French lieutenant of artillery, born at Paris in 1868 and died in Togbao, Chad, in 1899. His father, a poor peddler, observing Solomon's capacity for learning, made the greatest sacrifices to give him a good education. Solomon successfully passed the competitive examination for the École Polytechnique, whence he graduated as lieutenant of artillery. In 1897 he obtained permission from the Minister of War to join the perilous expedition for the exploration of Lake Chad under Lieutenant Henri Bretonnet. The expedition was surprised by the forces of Rabih az-Zubayr, ruler of the region, and almost every member of the mission was killed, Solomon included.
Mammary analogue secretory carcinoma (MASC), also termed MASCSG, (the "SG" subscript indicates salivary gland) is a salivary gland neoplasm. It is a secretory carcinoma which shares the microscopic pathologic features with other types of secretory carcinomas including mammary secretory carcinoma, secretory carcinoma of the skin, and salivary gland–type carcinoma of the thyroid. MASCSG was first described by Skálová et al. in 2010. The authors of this report found a chromosome translocation in certain salivary gland tumors, i.e. a (12;15)(p13;q25) fusion gene mutation. The other secretory carcinoma types carry this fusion gene.


On 12 May 2019, four commercial ships were damaged off Fujairah's coast in the Gulf of Oman. The ships included two Saudi Arabian registered oil tankers, a Norwegian registered oil tanker, and an Emirati registered bunkering ship. The ships were anchored on the United Arab Emirates territorial waters for bunkering in Port of Fujairah. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Arab Emirates reported that the ships had been subject to a "sabotage attack". The United Arab Emirates launched a joint investigation probe with United States and France. The initial investigation assessment determined that 5-to-10-foot (1.5 to 3.0 m) holes near or below all the ships' waterlines were probably caused by explosive charges.
The incident occurred amid increasing tension between the United States and Iran in the Persian Gulf region, leading U.S. officials to suspect Iran of being behind the attack. The United Arab Emirates government did not accuse any perpetrators, stating that the report of the investigation probe must first be finalized. The government of Iran called for an international investigation of the incident, describing it as a possible false flag operation. The United States accused Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) of being "directly responsible" for the attacks. The findings of an Emirati-led international investigation into the attacks has stated that a sophisticated and coordinated operation by divers from fast boats utilized limpet mines to breach the hull of the ships, concluding that a "state actor" is the most likely culprit. A similar incident took place a month later on 13 June 2019.
Roanoke-Chowan Hospital is a hospital located in Ahoskie, North Carolina. It is a part of the ECU Health System.
In the 1930s, James David Early of nearby Early's Station community was a major supporter of building a hospital in Ahoskie and committed land for the project.  After his death, his son, James Bertram Early, Sr., completed the transaction donating the land. In 1948, the hospital was the first to use the Hill-Burton Act for construction.
ECU Health took over management in 1997.  The hospital has 86 general and 28 psychiatric hospital beds.  It also has five Shared Inpatient/Ambulatory Surgery, one C-Section, and one Endoscopy operating rooms.
Alan Campbell (born 10 August 1960 is a former professional footballer who played as a forward.
He played for Shamrock Rovers, Racing de Santander, CD Logroñés, Berchem Sport, Dundee and Forfar Athletic. At international level, he made three appearances for the Republic of Ireland national team.
Beit Surik (Arabic: بيت سوريك) is a Palestinian village in the Jerusalem Governorate, located 12 kilometers Northwest of Jerusalem in the northern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of 4,025 in 2017.
Organic market in Ukraine is a segment of the economy aimed at the production, circulation and consumption of organic products. The organic market in Ukraine includes the cultivation, production and/or circulation of various agri-food products in accordance with the organic production standards established by Ukrainian and/or international legislation. This market is an important segment of the Ukrainian agriculture and consumer market, which contributes to the preservation of the environment, maintenance of soil, plant, animal and human health, and development of sustainable agriculture.
The Qatar Armed Forces (Arabic: القوات المسلحة القطرية, romanized: Al-Quwwat Al-Musallahah Al-Qatariyyah) are the military forces of the  State of Qatar. Since 2015, Qatar has implemented mandatory military conscription with an average of 2,000 graduates per year. As of 2010, Qatar's defence expenditures added up to a total of $1.913 billion, about 1.5% of the national GDP, according to the SIPRI. Qatar has recently signed defence pacts with the United States in 2002 & 2013, with the United Kingdom in 2020, and with France in 1994.
Qatar plays an active role in the collective defense efforts of the Gulf Cooperation Council; the other five members are Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, the UAE, and Oman. Qatar also hosts the largest American military base in the Middle East and in 2017 inaugurated a military attache office in Washington.
SIPRI states that Qatar's plans to transform and significantly enlarge its armed forces have accelerated in 2014, and in 2010-14 Qatar was the 46th largest arms importer in the world. Orders in 2013 for 562 tanks and 75 self-propelled guns from Germany were followed in 2014 by a number of other contracts, including 34 combat helicopters and 3 AEW aircraft from the US, and 6 tanker aircraft from Spain. As of 2016, Qatar maintains advanced anti air and anti ship capabilities with deliveries of Patriot PAC-3 MSE Batteries, Exocet MM40 Block 3 and Marte ER anti-ship missiles.
The 2002 Kalehe earthquake occurred on October 24 at 06:08 UTC. This earthquake had a magnitude Mw 6.2, and the epicenter was located in Democratic Republic of the Congo, near Lake Kivu. Two people were reported dead. Building damage was reported in Goma, Lwiro, Kalehe, and Mugeri. The seismicity, volcanism, and uplift in the basin of Lake Kivu delimits the rift of a tectonic plate. Lake Kivu belongs to the western branch of the East African Rift System (EARS). The western branch is usually divided into several segments, and Lake Kivu belongs to the northern segment.
Jodi Shelton born April 3, 1965, is the co-founder and chief executive officer (CEO) of the Global Semiconductor Alliance (GSA).
In 2018, with the inaugural Rising Women of Influence Award, Shelton launched the GSA Women's Leadership Initiative (WLI). The vision of the Initiative was to significantly increase the number of women in leadership roles in the industry, the capital dedicated to women-led start-ups, and the number of STEM-focused female candidates joining the industry. The Women's Leadership Initiative is led by the Women's Leadership Council. The Council is co-chaired by Vicki Mealer-Burke, Chief Diversity Officer & VP, Human Resources, Qualcomm and Debora Shoquist, Executive VP, Operations, NVIDIA.
Shelton is also founder, president and CEO of the Shelton Group, which was founded in 1994, originally as an investor relations (IR) firm. In 1997, Shelton broadened Shelton Group’s practice to include public relations (PR). The PR division closed in 2013 and restarted in 2019.


Manuel of Portugal  may refer to:
Anglo-Saxon England or Early Medieval England, existing from the 5th to the 11th centuries from soon after the end of Roman Britain until the Norman Conquest in 1066, consisted of various Anglo-Saxon kingdoms until 927, when it was united as the Kingdom of England by King Æthelstan (r. 927–939). It became part of the short-lived North Sea Empire of Cnut, a personal union between England, Denmark and Norway in the 11th century.
The Anglo-Saxons migrated to Britain from mainland northwestern Europe after the Roman Empire withdrawal from the isle at the beginning of the 5th century. Anglo-Saxon history thus begins during the period of sub-Roman Britain following the end of Roman control, and traces the establishment of Anglo-Saxon kingdoms in the 5th and 6th centuries (conventionally identified as seven main kingdoms: Northumbria, Mercia, East Anglia, Essex, Kent, Sussex, and Wessex); their Christianisation during the 7th century; the threat of Viking invasions and Danish settlers; the gradual unification of England under the Wessex hegemony during the 9th and 10th centuries; and ending with the Norman Conquest of England by William the Conqueror in 1066.
The Normans persecuted the Anglo-Saxons and overthrew their ruling class to substitute their own leaders to oversee and rule England. However, Anglo-Saxon identity survived beyond the Norman Conquest, came to be known as Englishry under Norman rule, and through social and cultural integration with Romano-British Celts, Danes and Normans became the modern English people.
Heartbeat International is an international anti-abortion association that supports the largest network of crisis pregnancy centers (CPC) in the world, with over 2,000 affiliates in 50 countries. It does not offer, recommend, or refer for abortions. Heartbeat International describes itself as an "Interdenominational Christian association". Heartbeat International teaches its affiliated members to make their advertising look as though they are full-service reproductive health clinics that provide referrals for birth control or abortion. Staff are also trained on how to discourage pregnant women from accessing abortion, and how to discourage young women from using emergency contraception, birth control pills, or IUDs. Heartbeat staff are also encouraged to create two websites, one that has an explicitly Christian message, and one that looks like Planned Parenthood. Many pregnancy centers have the ultimate goal of converting women through a born-again experience to "save the mother, save the baby".
For a story appearing in February 2020, openDemocracy sent "feminist investigative journalists" to 30 Heartbeat International crisis pregnancy centers in 18 countries, where they "were given misleading or manipulative counselling in most cases." The reporters, who posed as women with unwanted pregnancies, found cases where women were told falsehoods such as abortion causing mental illness, cancer, or increased risk of child abuse, along with other misinformation.
In January 2016, Jor-El Godsey was named President of Heartbeat International.
Coto C.I.C.S.A., (mostly known for its tradename Coto) is an Argentine supermarket chain founded by Alfredo Coto in 1970 as a butcher shop. The first Coto supermarket was opened in the city of Mar de Ajó in La Costa Partido in 1987. The chain currently has 120 supermarkets, most of them in Buenos Aires Province.
Əhmədli (Ahmedli) is a village and municipality in the Dashkasan District of Azerbaijan.
Rijpwetering is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Kaag en Braassem, and lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Leiden.
Sagi Lakshmi Venkatapathy Raju, better known as Venkatapathy Raju (born 9 July 1969), is a former Indian cricketer, cricket administrators and cricket coach. He came into the Indian side in 1989–90 after capturing 32 wickets in the domestic season. He made his Test and One Day International debut on the tour of New Zealand. When sent in as a night-watchman in his first Test innings, he batted for more than two hours for 31 runs while six wickets fell at the other end. He was part of the Indian team in England in 1990, but his tour ended prematurely when a ball by Courtney Walsh broke the knuckle of his left hand in the match against Gloucestershire. He was a part of the Indian squad which won the 1990-91 Asia Cup.
Back home in India, he helped India win the one-off Test against Sri Lanka in the only Test match played at the Sector 16 Stadium in Chandigarh. Raju was a last-minute selection on a wicket that afforded turn and kept low. On the second day, he ran through the Lankan middle order with a spell of 5 wickets for two runs in 39 balls. He took one more wicket on the next day to finish with 6 for 12 in 17.5 overs, four of the batsmen failed to score. His match figures of 8 for 37 in 53 overs won him the only Man of the Match award of his international career. He has played two World Cups for India in 1992 and 1996.
He last played a Test match against Australia in Calcutta, where he captured the wicket of Mark Waugh.
He continued playing for Hyderabad for many years, making the final of the 1999–2000 Ranji Trophy. He retired from first-class cricket in December 2004, after a domestic match against Uttar Pradesh.
Navestock is a civil parish in the Borough of Brentwood in south Essex, in the East of England region of the United Kingdom.  It is located approximately 5 km (3.1 mi) northwest of the town of Brentwood and the M25 motorway cuts through the western edge of the parish.  It covers an area of in excess of 1800 hectares (4500 acres) and had a population of 510 in 2001, increasing to 585 in 2011. The name means ‘the stump on the headland’, which reflects its topography and landscape.
"Up There Cazaly" is 1979 song by Mike Brady, written to promote Channel Seven's coverage of the Victorian Football League (VFL). It was first performed by the Two-Man Band, a duo of Brady and Peter Sullivan, and has since become an unofficial anthem of Australian rules football.
The title refers to early-20th-century ruckman Roy Cazaly. Known for his prodigious leap, Cazaly formed a famous ruck combination with South Melbourne teammates Fred "Skeeter" Fleiter and Mark "Napper" Tandy. It was ruck-rover Fleiter who was the first to call "Up there, Cazaly!" when the ruckman flew for the ball. The catchcry was soon adopted by South Melbourne supporters and eventually entered the Australian lexicon as a common phrase of encouragement.
Released independently on Fable Records, the song became the highest selling Australian single ever with sales of over 240,000 as of October 1979 and 260,000 by the end of 1980. It held this record until February 1981 when Joe Dolce's "Shaddap You Face" sold more than 290,000 units.
At the Australian 1979 TV Week/Countdown Music Awards the song was nominated for Most Popular Australian Single.
Bannykus is an alvarezsaur from the Early Cretaceous of the Bayin-Gobi Formation of Inner Mongolia, China. It includes one species, Bannykus wulatensis. It is large for an alvarezsaur, with an estimated weight of 24 kg based on femoral circumference.
The 1925 Howard Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Howard College (now known as the Samford University) as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) during the 1925 college football season. In their second year under head coach Jenks Gillem, the team compiled a 6–3 record.
Ravaneshwar Mandir (Hindi: रावणेश्वर मंदिर) (also known as Ravaneshwar) is one of the most famous temples in the holy city of Varanasi. This temple has great historical and cultural importance in Hinduism.
The 1994 United States Senate special election in Tennessee was held November 8, 1994. Incumbent Democratic Senator Al Gore resigned from the Senate following his election as Vice President of the United States in 1992, and this led to the 1993 appointment of Harlan Mathews and the subsequent special election. Mathews did not seek election to finish the unexpired term, and Representative Jim Cooper subsequently became the Democratic nominee. However, the Republican nominee Fred Thompson won the seat in a decisive victory.
The election was held concurrently with the regular Class 1 Tennessee Senate election, in which Republican Bill Frist defeated incumbent Democrat Jim Sasser. As a result of Thompson and Frist's simultaneous victories in Tennessee, the two elections marked the first time since 1978 that both Senate seats in a state have flipped from one party to the other in a single election cycle. The next time this was repeated was in Georgia in 2021 where both the regular election and the special election went from incumbent Republicans to Democrats.
Grevillea eriobotrya, commonly called the woolly cluster grevillea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to a small area in the south-west of Western Australia. It is dense, erect, spreading shrub usually with linear leaves, and groups of white to creamy-white flowers.
Han Yong (Chinese: 韩雍) (1422–1478) was a Chinese politician of the Ming dynasty. He was born in what is now Suzhou, Jiangsu Province. He was the 2nd Viceroy of Liangguang, covering the provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi and Hainan.
Soroi Eoe (born 24 December 1954) is a Papua New Guinea politician. He has been a Member of the Papua New Guinea National Parliament since 2017, representing Kikori Open. On 7 June 2019, he was appointed Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade and held the position for five months, and later returned to the same position on December 20, 2020.
Saperda octomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Blessig in 1873. It is known from China, Russia, Japan and Mongolia.


Lincoln Grey Quillian is an American sociologist. He is currently a professor in the Department of Sociology at Northwestern University, where he is also a faculty fellow at the Institute for Policy Research. His work focuses on social stratification, racial segregation, and racial attitudes. For example, he was the lead author of a 2017 meta-analysis which showed that rates of discrimination against African Americans in field experiments had not significantly changed since 1989.
Quillian was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2019.
The Bischoffsheim family is a family of German-Belgian Jewish descent known for their success in banking. It can be traced back to Raphaël Nathan Bischoffsheim, an army contractor native of Tauberbischofsheim, in the Electorate of Mainz. The family was particularly interwoven with the Goldschmidt family of Frankfurt am Main; the two families intermarried over the generations and jointly managed Bischoffsheim, Goldschmidt & Cie bank, which they eventually merged into Banque de Crédit et de Dépôt des Pays-Bas in 1863.
Vardij (Persian: ورديج) is a village in Sulqan Rural District of Kan District of Tehran County, Tehran province, Iran.
Vardij is popular for its "stone giants." The stones of the mountains have the appearance of giant human heads.


Forest Park School District may refer to:

Forest Park School District (Michigan), in Iron County, Michigan
Forest Park School District 91, in Illinois
Roumieh prison (Arabic: سجن رومية) is the largest and most notorious prison in Lebanon, located in Roumieh, Matn district. It was designed to hold 1,050 inmates, though as of 2017 is extremely overcrowded and at about 300% capacity; this represents nearly half the prisoners in Lebanon. Roumieh Prison holds convicted prisoners and prisoners on remand. It holds juveniles, women and men, all in separate sections.
US Post Office-Boonville is a historic post office building located at Boonville in Oneida County, New York, United States. It was designed and built in 1937, and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department, Louis A. Simon.  It is a one-story, five bay building with a poured concrete foundation and brick facades in the Colonial Revival style.  It features a hipped roof surmounted by an octagonal cupola with metal window tracery and an iron weathervane. The interior features a mural painted by the McCullough sisters of New York City depicting a 19th-century scene on the Black River Canal.  It is a contributing structure within the Boonville Historic District.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Albert Becker  (5 September 1896 in Vienna – 7 May 1984 in Vicente López), also known as Alberto Becker, was an Austrian–Argentine chess master.
Clementon is a borough in Camden County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States census, the borough's population was 5,338, an increase of 338 (+6.8%) from the 2010 census count of 5,000, which in turn reflected an increase of 14 (+0.3%) from the 4,986 counted in the 2000 census.
The borough had the 27th-highest property tax rate in New Jersey, with an equalized rate of 4.179% in 2020, compared to 3.470% in the county as a whole and a statewide average of 2.279%.
The Akilam nine  is one of the sub-sections of Akilathirattu Ammanai the Primary scripture of Ayyavazhi. It describes the events taking place immediately before and at the time of incarnation of Vaikundar in the world.
Betteldorf is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Vulkaneifel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Daun, whose seat is in the like-named town.
Africa Uncensored is a Kenya-based media outlet known mostly for its investigative journalism. Its work includes documentary and feature production, fact-checking, podcasting, training and more.
It publishes its work online through its website and a YouTube channel as well as on other online platforms. Its content also regularly features on Kenya's mainstream TV stations. As part of its commercial dealings, its work has aired on the Maisha Magic East and Maisha Magic Plus channels on DSTV since 2020.
One of its latest investigative documentaries, Fertile Deception, resulted in impeachment proceedings against then Kenya's Agriculture Cabinet Secretary Mithika Linturi.
Çiçekli is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Tarsus, Mersin Province, Turkey. Its population is 789 (2022). It is situated in the Çukurova (Cilicia) plains. It is to the south of Yenice and the state highway D.400. The distance to Tarsus is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) and the distance to Mersin is 42 kilometres (26 mi). Construction of the Çukurova Airport is planned near Çiçekli.
Anoka Conservation District is a government entity that provides technical assistance and tools to manage and protect land and water resources in Anoka County, Minnesota.
It currently consists of 8 staff and 5 elected supervisors.
The Board are elected at large on staggered 4 year terms with 3 members or 2 members up for election every 2 years. Currently the following people serve on the Board of Supervisors for Anoka Conservation District.
District 1 (Bethel, St. Francis, Nowthen, Oak Grove): Steve Laitinen
District 2 (Ramsey, Anoka, Andover): Jim Lindahl
District 3 (Coon Rapids, Spring Lake Park, Fridley, Columbia Heights): Glenda Meixell
District 4 (Ham Lake, Blaine, Circle Pines, Lino Lakes, Centerville): Mary Jo Truchon
District 5 (East Bethel, Linwood Township, Columbus): Sharon LeMay
The 1984 Washington Redskins season was the franchise's 53rd season in the National Football League.  They failed to improve on their 14–2 record from 1983 and finished at 11-5. Art Monk set an NFL record (since broken) for most receptions in a season. The Redskins started the season losing their first two games but would recover to win their next five games. A mid-season slump had them on the playoff bubble at 7-5. However, the Redskins would finish the season in strong fashion winning their final four games to win the NFC East with an 11-5 record. The Redskins quest for a third straight NFC Championship ended quickly as the Skins were stunned by the Chicago Bears 23-19 at RFK Stadium, Washington's only playoff loss at RFK. The 1984 Redskins have an NFL-record 14 straight games with 3 or more sacks, having accomplished that from weeks 3 to 16.
The Taphrinaceae are a family of fungi in the order Taphrinales. According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 2 genera and 118 species.


Triple M is an Australian radio network.
Triple M or variation, may also refer to:

Triple M Sydney (call sign 2MMM), the first radio station in the Triple M network, originally branded "Triple M"
WMMM-FM (branded "Triple M"), a radio station in Madison, Wisconsin, US
WMMM (branded "Triple M"), former call sign for WSHU (AM), Westport, Connecticut, US
KMMM (branded "Triple M"), an AM radio station in Pratt, Kansas, US
KMMM-FM, (branded "Triple M") former call sign for KHTT, an FM radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma, US
"La Triple M", a 2023 single by Mawell.
Methyltrimethoxysilane is an organosilicon compound with the formula CH3Si(OCH3)3.  It is a colorless, free-flowing liquid.  It is a crosslinker in the preparation of polysiloxane polymers.
DWAQ may refer to the two Philippine broadcast stations with the same callsign:

DWAQ-FM, a radio station in Legazpi, Albay. Branded as Good News Radio.
DWAQ-DTV, a television station in Metro Manila. Branded as SMNI.
James Nicol, Nichol, Nicholl or Nicoll may refer to:

James Nicol (geologist) (1810–1879), Scottish geologist
James Nicol (minister) (1769–1819), Scottish poet
James Dyce Nicol (1805–1872), Scottish politician
James Nicholl (1890–1955), Scottish footballer with Middlesbrough and Liverpool
James Nicoll (born 1961), Usenet personality
James Henderson Nicoll, Scottish paediatric surgeon
Jimmie Nicol (born 1939), British drummer and temporary member of the Beatles
Jimmy Nicholl (born 1956), football player and manager most known for time at Manchester United, Raith Rovers and Northern Ireland
Jimmy Nichol (1903–1954), Scottish footballer with Gillingham and Portsmouth


The economic policy of the Donald Trump administration was characterized by the individual and corporate tax cuts, attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act ("Obamacare"), trade protectionism, immigration restriction, deregulation focused on the energy and financial sectors, and responses to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Over his term, Trump reduced federal taxes and increased federal spending, both of which significantly increased federal budget deficits and the national debt. The positive economic situation he inherited from the Obama administration continued, with a labor market approaching full employment and measures of household income and wealth continuing to improve further into record territory. Trump also implemented trade protectionism via tariffs, primarily on imports from China. During Trump's first three years in office, the number of Americans without health insurance increased by 4.6 million (16%), while his tax cuts favored the top earners, failed to deliver on its promises and worsened income inequality.
Trump took office at the height of the longest economic expansion in American history. The 128-month (10.7-year) economic expansion that began in June 2009 abruptly ended at a peak in February 2020, with the U.S. entering a recession due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The U.S. unemployment rate, which had hit a 50-year low (3.5%) in February 2020, hit a 90-year high (14.7%) just two months later, matching Great Depression levels. In response, Trump signed the $2 trillion Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES) on March 27, 2020 which helped maintain family incomes and savings during the crisis, but contributed to a $3.1 trillion budget deficit (14.9% GDP) for fiscal year 2020, the largest since 1945 relative to the size of the economy. Trump left office with 3 million fewer jobs in the U.S. than when he took office, making Trump the only modern U.S. president to leave office with a smaller workforce though this was, in part, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout his presidency, Trump mischaracterized the economy as the best in American history.
Despite saying during the 2016 campaign he would eliminate the national debt in eight years, Trump as president approved large increases in government spending, as well as the 2017 tax cut. As a result, the federal budget deficit increased by almost 50%, to nearly $1 trillion (~$1.18 trillion in 2023) in 2019. Under Trump, the U.S. national debt increased by 39%, reaching $27.75 trillion by the end of his term; the U.S. debt-to-GDP ratio also hit a post-World War II high.
Shadow of the Almighty Faith Tabernacle Ministries (SAFTM) is a Christian church in India.
Jiang Weiping (Chinese: 姜维平 ; born c. 1955) is a veteran mainland Chinese journalist known internationally for his arrest by the Chinese Communist Party in 2001.
In 1999, he began publishing a series of articles about the Communist Party corruption in the Hong Kong magazine Frontline (Chinese: 前哨; pinyin: Qian shao), including a report on Bo Xilai. He was arrested in December 2000 and sentenced to eight years in prison on charges of revealing state secrets, but was granted early release in 2006. After a period of house arrest, he emigrated to Canada in 2009.
The 56th Texas Legislature met from January 13, 1959, to May 7, 1959, and in three special sessions from May to August of that same year. All members present during this session were elected in the 1958 general elections.
A depolarizing prepulse (DPP) is an electrical stimulus that causes the potential difference measured across a neuronal membrane to become more positive or less negative, and precedes another electrical stimulus.  DPPs may be of either the voltage or current stimulus variety and have been used to inhibit neural activity, selectively excite neurons, and increase the pain threshold associated with electrocutaneous stimulation.
The Circuito dos Cristais is a race track located in the Brazilian city of Curvelo, in the state of Minas Gerais.
Located 150 km (93 mi) north from the capital Belo Horizonte, the racetrack was built according to the rules of the FIM and the FIA.
The venue opened in 2016, and hosted rounds of the Stock Car Brasil and Copa Truck.
In August 2024, it was announced that the 1.250 km (0.777 mi) banked oval track will be built for the season finale of NASCAR Brasil Sprint Race, and the circuit will have contract with the series until 2026.
Telemba (Russian: Телемба; Buryat: Тэлэмбэ, Telembe) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Kondisnkoye Rural Settlement, Yeravninsky District, Republic of Buryatia, Russia. The population was 1,256 as of 2017. There are 16 streets.
Near the village there is a military training ground of the Eastern Military District of the Russian Armed Forces.
The Coleman Hardware Company Building is a historic building located at 100 Nettle St. in Morris, Illinois.
Saima Agha (Urdu: صائمہ آغا) is a Pakistani politician who is member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh.
Muzi Koti (Persian: موزي كتي, also Romanized as Mūzī Kotī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 25 families.
Kimberly Chexnayder or Kimmi Chex is an American personality on the NFL Network co-hosting NFL Total Access. She also has appeared on NFL Fantasy Live among other programs on the network. She was the youngest talent to be hired by the network. Chex was recognized as part of the 2022 Forbes 30 Under 30 class, The Athletic's 40 Under 40: Rising Stars Shaping the Direction of the NFL and Front Office Sports 25 Under 25.
DXGL-TV (Channel 13) is a television station of PEC Broadcasting Corporation in Butuan and was formerly affiliated with ABC (now TV5 and formerly 5) from 1994 until 2015. Its studios and transmitters are located at PECBC Complex, Brgy Imadejas, Butuan.
Badaro is a residential neighbourhood and business hub in Beirut, Lebanon. 
Badaro and Badaró may also refer to

Badaró or Manlio Hedair Badaró (1933–2008), Portuguese actor and comedian
Clea Badaro (1913–1968), Egyptian painter and designer
Líbero Badaró (1798–1830), Italian Brazilian physician, botanist, journalist and politician


John Ramsey is an American businessman and libertarian political figure. He is the founder and chairman of the Liberty for All Super PAC.
Aaron Duran (born 1976 in Susanville, California) is an American writer and media producer in Portland, Oregon, of Mexican and Italian descent. Duran currently hosts the weekly podcast Geek in the City Radio (FKA Film Fever Radio), with Denise Espinosa and Kabel Hashitani; serves as webmaster of GeekInTheCity.com, is an occasional guest on the daily podcast Funemployment Radio.com, and was a regular guest on the Cort and Fatboy Shows and The Rick Emerson Show. He also served as a producer for the paranormal talk show Ground Zero Radio with Clyde Lewis.
This is the results breakdown of the local elections held in the Valencian Community on 24 May 2015. The following tables show detailed results in the autonomous community's most populous municipalities, sorted alphabetically.
Phebalium lepidotum is a species of rounded shrub that is endemic to Western Australia. It has scaly branchlets, leathery, narrow oblong leaves and white to cream-coloured flowers arranged in umbels of between three and six on the ends of branchlets.
Masis Voskanyan (Armenian: Մասիս Ոսկանյան; born 11 July 1990) is an Armenian international footballer who plays for Sint-Eloois-Winkel in the Belgian First Amateur Division, as a midfielder.
The 57th (West Middlesex) Regiment of Foot was a regiment of line infantry in the British Army, raised in 1755. Under the Childers Reforms it amalgamated with the 77th (East Middlesex) Regiment of Foot to form the Middlesex Regiment in 1881.
Tex Rides with the Boy Scouts is a 1937 American Western film directed by Ray Taylor and starring singing cowboy Tex Ritter and Troop 13 Los Angeles District Boy Scouts of America. The film was shot in Old Kernville, California and premiered on Broadway in November 1937.
BON, Bon, or bon may refer to:
György Rozgonyi (born 31 May 1943) is a former Hungarian ice hockey player. He played for the Hungary men's national ice hockey team at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
As Green As It Gets (German: Grüner wird's nicht, sagte der Gärtner und flog davon) is a 2018 German comedy-drama film based on the eponymous novel by Jockel Tschiersch.
The Western Pipe and Steel Company  (WPS) was an American manufacturing company that is best remembered today for its construction of ships for the Maritime Commission in World War II. It also built ships for the U.S. Shipping Board in World War I and took part in the construction of the giant Grand Coulee Dam project in the 1930s.
Naomichi Donoue (堂上 直倫, born September 23, 1988, in Japan) is a  coach and former Japanese professional baseball player for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball. He was a utility infielder and has played at various positions including short stop, third base and second base.
The Secret Series is a series of adventure novels written by Enid Blyton. There are six books, as follows:

The Secret Island
The Secret of Spiggy Holes
The Secret Mountain
The Secret of Killimooin (Retitled as The Secret Forest)
The Secret of Moon Castle
A sixth book in the series, The Secret Valley, was written by Trevor J. Bolton and published by Award in 2009. 
The series was made into a television serial by Cloud 9 screen entertainment in 1996.


WGAViewer is a bioinformatics software tool which is designed to visualize, annotate, and help interpret the results generated from a genome wide association study (GWAS). Alongside the P values of association, WGAViewer allows a researcher to visualize and consider other supporting evidence, such as the genomic context of the SNP, linkage disequilibrium (LD) with ungenotyped SNPs, gene expression database, and the evidence from other GWAS projects, when determining the potential importance of an individual SNP.
Pallapalayam is a panchayat town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Empress Dowager Xiao (蕭太后) (died June 1, 847), formally Empress Zhenxian (貞獻皇后, "the virtuous and wise empress"), known at times in her life as Empress Dowager Jiqing (積慶太后), was an empress dowager of the Chinese Tang dynasty. She was the mother of Emperor Wenzong and a concubine of Emperor Muzong.
Feock and Kea is an electoral division of Cornwall in the United Kingdom which returns one member to sit on Cornwall Council. It was created at the 2021 local elections, being created from the former divisions of Chacewater, Kenwyn and Baldhu, and Feock and Playing Place. The current councillor is Martyn Alvey, a Conservative.
Ayinde Augustus (born 27 December 1988) is a United States Virgin Islands international soccer player who plays for the Orlando City U-23, as a midfielder.


Jason "Jace" Alexander (born April 7, 1964) is an American former actor and television director. In 2015, Alexander was arrested for the downloading and file sharing of child pornography, and later pled guilty to one count of promoting a sexual performance by a child and one count of possessing an obscene sexual performance by a child.
Thomas Montagu, 4th Earl of Salisbury, KG (13 June 1388 – 3 November 1428) of Bisham in Berkshire, was an English nobleman and one of the most important English commanders during the Hundred Years' War.
Sidney Enrique Faiffer Ames (born 12 May 1980 in Lima) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Pirata in the Peruvian Segunda División.
Events from the year 1738 in Sweden
Åke Andersson (22 April 1917 – 20 July 1983) was a Swedish football forward who played for Sweden in the 1938 FIFA World Cup. He also played for GAIS.
Montebello is a station on the Kolsås Line (Line 3) of the Oslo Metro. The station is located between Smestad and Ullernåsen. Montebello is the first station on line 3 not shared with another line. The station is on the north side of the Ring 3 highway which runs in an arch north of Oslo. It is the closest station to the Radium Hospital which is 400 m away.
Montebello is located 6.0 km from Stortinget and was first opened on 15 June 1942.
From 1 July 2006, most of the line to Kolsås, from Montebello station and outwards, was closed for upgrades. At first trains then turned at Montebello, but from 31 July  Montebello was also closed with the opening of a temporary station, Husebybakken which substituted for Montebello. This temporary station was located a few hundred metres to the east of the regular station and served as the terminus for the line. On 18 August 2008, the rebuilt Montebello station was opened. The new station has a longer platform, capable of serving trains with up to six cars, an increase from three. The previous level crossing has been removed, and a third rail power supply is used throughout. Up to the upgrade of Kolsåsbanen that started in 2006, trains switched from third rail to overhead wire systems at Montebello.
Ropica thomensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1970.
Lācis (Old orthography: Lahz(i)(s); feminine: Lāce) is a Latvian surname, derived from the Latvian word for "bear". Individuals with the surname include:

Asja Lācis (1891–1979), Latvian actress
Dzintars Lācis (1940–1992), Latvian cyclist
Kārlis Lācis (born 1977), Latvian composer
Vilis Lācis (1904-1966), Latvian author and Premier of Latvian SSR
The Serebryansky forest (Ukrainian: Серебрянський заказник), also known as the Serebryansky reserve, is a natural reserve area in Eastern Ukraine, along the Siverskyi Donets river.
Malcolm John Mackenzie (born 30 September 1961) is an English professional golfer.
Mackenzie was born in Sheffield. He turned professional in 1980 and has spent most of his career playing on the European Tour. His best Order of Merit ranking was 25th in 1990, one of twelve times he made the top 100. He has just one European Tour win to his name, the 2002 Novotel Perrier Open de France, achieved during his 20th season and in his 509th appearance on tour. 509 appearances is the European Tour record for a first win: Richard Bland is second with 478 appearances and Roger Chapman is third with 472. He also won the Zimbabwe Open in 1985.
In late 2003, he underwent shoulder surgery and has struggled to recover his form. His last full season on tour was 2005, when he made just three cuts and finished well outside the top 200 on the Order of Merit. In 2006, he became the 4th player to make 600 appearances on the European Tour when he teed it up at the BMW International Open. He has played only a handful of tournaments since then.


Carlo Ignazio Monza (c. 1680 – 9 May 1739) was an Italian composer. He was born in Milan and died in Vercelli. Works of his were possibly among the music that formed the basis for the Pulcinella score by Igor Stravinsky. There are recordings of Monza's harpsichord music by Terence Charlston.
The Château de la Roche is a ruined castle in the commune of Bellefosse in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace, France. The site was recorded as fortified in 1180, but the present castle ruins are from a later period, most likely from 1284.


Adrian Searle (born 1953 in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire) is an art critic for The Guardian, and has been writing for the paper since 1996. Previously he was a painter.
Colwood is a city located on Vancouver Island to the southwest of Victoria, capital of British Columbia, Canada. Colwood was incorporated in 1985 and has a population of approximately 19,000 people. Colwood lies within the boundaries of the Greater Victoria area or Capital Regional District, in a region called the Western Communities, or the West Shore. It is one of the 13 component municipalities of Greater Victoria.
Set along more than 5 km of oceanfront, this fast-growing seaside community is home to abundant forests, parks and trails as well as several historic sites including Fort Rodd Hill, Fisgard Lighthouse and Hatley Castle. One of Colwood's best known landmarks is Hatley Castle, now home to Royal Roads University. It is a Scottish Baronial mansion and grounds originally built as a residence for James Dunsmuir, Premier and later Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia. Colwood almost became the seat of the Crown of the Commonwealth realm in 1940, when, after the start of World War II, the government planned to relocate King George VI, Queen Elizabeth, and their children, Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret, to the castle for protection. But they decided to stay in London and Windsor, near the European front. The government transferred the estate to the Canadian Armed Forces. It adapted the site for use as Royal Roads Military College, a naval training facility from 1941-mid-1990s. The military college was closed in the 1990s, and the estate is now the campus of the public Royal Roads University, which opened in 1995. The original residence is surrounded by extensive formal gardens, including a featured Japanese garden.
The Fisgard Lighthouse in Colwood is one of Canada's National Historic Sites. There hasn't been a keeper here since the light was automated in 1929, but every year many thousands of visitors step inside a real 19th century light and capture some of the feeling of ships wrecked and lives saved. Built by the British in 1860, when Vancouver Island was not yet part of Canada, Fisgard's red brick house and white tower has stood faithfully at the entrance to Esquimalt Harbour. Once a beacon for the British Royal Navy's Pacific Squadron, today Fisgard still marks home base for the Maritime Forces Pacific of the Royal Canadian Navy.
Colwood is also home to historic Fort Rodd Hill, another Canadian National Historic Site. Built by the British in the 1890s, this coast artillery fort was designed to defend Victoria and the Esquimalt Naval Base. Visitors come to explore the three gun batteries, underground magazines, command posts, guardhouses, barracks and searchlight emplacements that are the vestiges of a bygone era. Set on a wide open waterfront park near the Fisgard Lighthouse, visitors can see the sea and mountain views, go for bird watches and investigate the tide pools along the shoreline.
The city has many regional amenities, including the City's waterfront at Esquimalt Lagoon which includes a National Migratory Bird Sanctuary, the Juan de Fuca Recreation Centre, The Q Centre, Royal Colwood Golf Club, Olympic View Golf Club and the library facilities for the Western Communities. As it lies geographically to the south of Victoria, Colwood is western Canada's southernmost city.
Philip Van Horn Weems Dodds (May 17, 1951 – October 6, 2007), credited as Phil Dodds and Philip Dodds, was an audio engineer who appeared in the 1977 motion picture Close Encounters of the Third Kind. As ARP Instruments, Inc.'s Vice President of Engineering, Dodds was on the set to install and manage the ARP 2500 synthesizer used in the movie to play the five alien tones, and to program it for the sounds the filmmakers wanted.  He had performed a similar function on other science fiction films, such as Logan's Run, and some of the early Star Trek movies.
Steven Spielberg, liking his looks, offered him a part in the movie on the spot; he spent the next nine weeks filming the now-iconic final scenes of the movie. He has considerable screen time for an extra, playing the notes on the synthesizer under the direction of several scientists and musicians, and gazing raptly up at the alien spaceship. In the film's credits, Dodds's name appears twice—once as "Jean Claude" (as Philip Dodds) and once as "ARP Musician" (as Phil Dodds). In his original script, with the working title of Watch the Skies, Spielberg had written these as two separate parts, but combined them into one character during filming.
Later vice president of R&D for Kurzweil Music, Dodds was a project analyst with Randall House Associates, Inc. in Annapolis, MD. He was the chief architect of the Sharable Content Object Reference Model (SCORM) under the guidance of the Advanced Distributed Learning (ADL) Initiative, a project of the United States Department of Defense. The ADL SCORM is widely perceived as a means to achieve interoperability, accessibility and reuse of the component pieces of web-based instruction, irrespective of Learning Management Systems.
Dodds' grandfather was Philip Van Horn Weems, pioneering founder of navigational instrument company Weems and Plath.
Dodds died from cancer on October 6, 2007, at 56 years of age.
Tung Tau Wai (Chinese: 東頭圍; lit. 'East End Wai') or Wang Chau Tung Tau Wai (橫洲東頭圍), is a village in Wang Chau, Yuen Long District, Hong Kong.
Ellen Marie Pawlikowski (born 1956) is a retired four-star general of the United States Air Force. She last served as the commander of Air Force Materiel Command at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base from June 8, 2015, to the end of July 2018, managing some 80,000 people and $60 billion in Air Force programs annually.
Pawlikowski retired from the Air Force on September 1, 2018, after 40 years of service. She currently serves on the board of directors for Raytheon Technologies, one of the largest aerospace and defense companies in the world, and is a Judge Widney Professor at the University of Southern California's Viterbi School of Engineering.
Silvia Edith Maria Neid (born 2 May 1964) is a German former professional football player and manager. She is one of the most successful players in German women's football, having won seven national championships and six DFB-Pokal trophies. Between 2005 and 2016, Neid served as the head coach of the Germany women's national team. She was the FIFA World Women's Coach of the Year in 2010, 2013 and 2016.
A samurai is a member of the Japanese warrior caste.
Samurai may also refer to:
The Bauhaus typeface design is based on Herbert Bayer's 1925 experimental Universal typeface and the Bauhaus aesthetic overall.
The Bauhaus school sought to modernize, unify and standardize design into an idealistic form that would combine function with aesthetics. One aspect of their many proposed reforms was a series of related Bauhaus typefaces.
Common elements of Bauhaus fonts include geometric, sans-serif letterforms.
Sir Arthur John Gielgud,  ( GHEEL-guud; 14 April 1904 – 21 May 2000) was an English actor and theatre director whose career spanned eight decades. With Ralph Richardson and Laurence Olivier, he was one of the trinity of actors who dominated the British stage for much of the 20th century. A member of the Terry family theatrical dynasty, he gained his first paid acting work as a junior member of his cousin Phyllis Neilson-Terry's company in 1922. After studying at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), he worked in repertory theatre and in the West End before establishing himself at the Old Vic as an exponent of Shakespeare in 1929–31.
During the 1930s Gielgud was a stage star in the West End and on Broadway, appearing in new works and classics. He began a parallel career as a director, and set up his own company at the Queen's Theatre, London. He was regarded by many as the finest Hamlet of his era, and was also known for high comedy roles such as John Worthing in The Importance of Being Earnest. In the 1950s Gielgud feared that his career was threatened when he was convicted and fined for a homosexual offence, but his colleagues and the public supported him loyally. When avant-garde plays began to supersede traditional West End productions in the later 1950s he found no new suitable stage roles, and for several years he was best known in the theatre for his one-man Shakespeare show The Ages of Man. From the late 1960s he found new plays that suited him, by authors including Alan Bennett, David Storey and Harold Pinter.
During the first half of his career Gielgud did not take the cinema seriously. Though he made his first film in 1924, and had successes with The Good Companions (1933) and Julius Caesar (1953), he did not begin a regular film career until his sixties. He appeared in more than sixty films between Becket (1964), for which he received his first Academy Award nomination for playing Louis VII of France, and Elizabeth (1998). As the acid-tongued Hobson in Arthur (1981) he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. His film work further earned him a Golden Globe Award and two BAFTAs.
Although largely indifferent to awards, Gielgud had the rare distinction of winning an Oscar, an Emmy, a Grammy, and a Tony. He was famous from the start of his career for his voice and his mastery of Shakespearean verse. He broadcast more than a hundred radio and television dramas between 1929 and 1994, and made commercial recordings of many plays, including ten of Shakespeare's and three recordings from his own "Ages of Man." Among his honours, he was knighted in 1953 and the Gielgud Theatre was named after him in 1994. From 1977 to 1989, he was president of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Tinyahuarco (Hispanicized spelling of Tinya Warkhu, a Quechua term, tinya a kind of drum, warkhu hanging) is one of thirteen districts of the province Pasco Province in the Pasco Region of Peru.
Abdoulaye Mamani (1932–1993) was a Nigerien poet, novelist and trade unionist.
Renee Macklin is the Director of IT Shared Services for the Department of Commerce in the United States of America. Macklin has previously served as CIO of the Small Business Administration, and had a long tenure as CIO of the International Trade Administration.
The 2010–11 Czech Women's First League was the 18th season of the Czech Republic's top-tier football league for women.
Vitlaci is a village in the municipality of Žepče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"You and Me" is a song by singer songwriter Joan Franka.  It was chosen to represent the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012. The song was released in the Netherlands as a Digital download on 27 February 2012. Franka wrote and composed the song together with Jessica Hoogenboom (artist name Jessie Maria).
Within the first week after the release of You And Me, on 2 March 2012, the single got in on place No. 1 of the Dutch Single Top 100.
Hisham Fadel Sulliman (Arabic: هشام فضل سليمان, Hebrew: הישאם סלימאן; born in 1978) is an Arab-Israeli actor. He is best known for his role in the Israeli drama film Bethlehem, and as Taufiq Hammed in the Israeli political thriller television series Fauda.
Samuli Kalevi Samuelsson (born 23 June 1995) is a Finnish athlete competing in sprinting events. He won a bronze medal at the 2017 European U23 Championships in Bydgoszcz. He is the national record holder in 100 meters.
Karko (also Garko, Kaak, Karme, Kithonirishe; autonym: Kakenbi) is a Hill Nubian language spoken in the northwestern Nuba Mountains in the south of Sudan. It is spoken by around 7,000 people in the Karko hills, 35 km west of Dilling, including Dulman, although Jakobi Angelika & Hamdan Ahma estimate the Karko population at up to 15,000 individuals, mostly in urban centers. Ethnologue reports that speakers of Karko are shifting to Sudanese Arabic.
The language is referred to in Karko as "Kàâŋg" or "káákmbἑἑ", which means "Karko ́s language". They also write that "Karko is part of Kordofan Nubian, a group of closely related languages which are also known as Hill Nubian" and descend from the Nubian language family.
John Joseph Hoyne (born 2 April 1978) is a former Irish sportsperson.  He plays hurling with his local club Graigue–Ballycallan and he used play with the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 2000 until 2005.
Zhang Yuqi (Chinese: 张雨绮; born 8 August 1987), also known as Kitty Zhang, is a Chinese actress best known for portraying Mrs. Yuen in the 2008 film CJ7 — which brought her media attention and kick-started her acting career, and Ruo Lan in the 2016 film The Mermaid.
The Round was a theatre-in-the-round in the Ouseburn Valley, Newcastle upon Tyne, England. The region's first theatre-in-the-round, it specialised in theatre for children and young people. The Round opened in September 2007, and was home to the Bruvvers Theatre Company.
The building in which The Round was housed is a former flax mill designed by John Dobson in 1848. The 180-seat theatre slotted behind a listed facade in a courtyard space between warehouses on Lime Street.
The Round was conceived by the Bruvvers Theatre Company artistic director Mike Mould who bought the derelict Cluny building in 1982 with the intention of creating a theatre within its walls. In 2005, Mould sent a letter to his friends asking each to donate £1 to help fund the cost of building the theatre. Bruvvers director and television scriptwriter Julie Blackie suggested alternative methods of fundraising.  A steering group of supporters was formed that raised £1.2m to build the theatre within a year.  
The theatre had one wall with a fixed block of 40 seats and three balconies, with the remaining seats moveable according to the needs of each production According to the company, there was "one main route onto the stage for the performers, but also a few secret passages to add an element of surprise."
The company  filed for voluntary liquidation in May 2008, just eight months after its launch. The Round Theatre had been built with capital funding from a consortium of parties in the Ouseburn district of Newcastle but had failed to secure funding for programming or administrative costs beyond its first six months of trading. Directors Jeannie Adams and Julie Blackie decided to cease trading and begin liquidation proceedings. Average houses of just 52% fell far short of the 70% capacity the company had budgeted to break even.
Stewart School, Cuttack is an Indian Christian school, located on Mission Road, Buxi Bazar in Cuttack, Odisha. Stewart School, Cuttack was founded in 1882 by Dr. William Day Stewart, a Civil Surgeon based at Cuttack.
Nani Gopal Mandal (born 1950) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and a former Jatiya Sangsad member presenting the Khulna-4 constituency during 2009–2014 and in 2024. He also represented the constituency from 2008 to 2014.
Mark L. Donald (born 1967) is a retired United States Navy SEAL, hospital corpsman, and physician assistant who served in the United States Navy.  Donald is one of the few American warriors to have earned three high-level combat valor medals for displaying the highest levels of battlefield heroism on more than one occasion. Donald, a recipient of the Navy Cross and Silver Star awards in support of Operation Enduring Freedom during the fall of 2003 and the Bronze Star with V device denoting combat heroism for Operation Iraqi Freedom during the spring of 2003, is one of the most decorated heroes of the War on Terror.
The 2023 Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils football team represented Mississippi Valley State University as a member of the East Division of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 2023 NCAA Division I FCS football season. Led by first-year head coach Kendrick Wade, the Delta Devils played their home games at Rice–Totten Stadium in Itta Bena, Mississippi.
Marilyn Manson is an American rock band from Ohio. Formed in 1989, the group was originally known as Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids and featured eponymous vocalist Marilyn Manson (real name Brian Warner), guitarist Daisy Berkowitz (real name Scott Putesky) and bassist Olivia Newton Bundy (real name Brian Tutunick), who were soon joined by keyboardist Zsa Zsa Speck (real name Perry Pandrea). The current line-up includes Manson, drummer Gil Sharone, guitarist/keyboardist Tyler Bates (both of whom first joined in 2014), guitarist Reba Meyers and bassist Piggy D. (both since 2024).


Brick by Brick is the ninth studio album by American singer Iggy Pop, released in June 1990 by Virgin Records.


Mary Ellen Balchunis (born June 11, 1954) is an American college professor and former political candidate. She teaches in the Political Science department of La Salle University. She was the Democratic nominee for Pennsylvania's 7th congressional district in the 2014 and 2016 general elections, losing both times.
Tunavirus (synonyms T1-like phages, T1-like viruses, Tunalikevirus) is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Drexlerviridae. Bacteria serve as natural hosts. There are currently 14 species in this genus, including the type species Escherichia virus T1.
The dingo (either included in the species Canis familiaris, or considered one of the following independent taxa: Canis familiaris dingo, Canis dingo, or Canis lupus dingo) is an ancient (basal) lineage of dog found in Australia. Its taxonomic classification is debated as indicated by the variety of scientific names presently applied in different publications. It is variously considered a form of domestic dog not warranting recognition as a subspecies, a subspecies of dog or wolf, or a full species in its own right.
The dingo is a medium-sized canine that possesses a lean, hardy body adapted for speed, agility, and stamina. The dingo's three main coat colourations are light ginger or tan, black and tan, or creamy white. The skull is wedge-shaped and appears large in proportion to the body. The dingo is closely related to the New Guinea singing dog: their lineage split early from the lineage that led to today's domestic dogs, and can be traced back through Maritime Southeast Asia to Asia. The oldest remains of dingoes in Australia are around 3,500 years old.
A dingo pack usually consists of a mated pair, their offspring from the current year, and sometimes offspring from the previous year.


The 2017 Morgan State Bears football team represented Morgan State University in the 2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by second-year head coach Frederick Farrier, who was promoted to full-time head coach after being the interim head coach in 2016. The Bears played their home games at Hughes Stadium. They were a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC). They finished the season 1–10, 1–7 in MEAC play to finish in last place.
On December 18, 2017 Fred Farrier was dismissed and released from his contract. His record at Morgan State was 4–18.
Maria Teodora Pimentel (1865-1948) was the first woman from the Portuguese island group of the Azores to become a medical doctor.
Hordeum comosum is a species of wild barley in the family Poaceae. It is native to Chile and western and southern Argentina, and has been introduced to the Falkland Islands. A widespread perennial grass, it is an important forage as it is relished by sheep.
Sultanina (foaled 11 March 2010) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She missed her two- and three-year-old seasons before making her debut as a four-year-old in 2014. She made an immediate impact, winning three of her four races in England including the Pinnacle Stakes and the Nassau Stakes. She also finished second in the Lancashire Oaks. Sultanina failed to place in two races in France later that year and was retired at the end of the year.
Saprosma scabrida is a species of plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
St Kilda (Scottish Gaelic: Hiort) is a remote archipelago situated 35 nautical miles (65 km; 40 mi) west-northwest of North Uist in the North Atlantic Ocean. It contains the westernmost islands of the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. The largest island is Hirta, whose sea cliffs are the highest in the United Kingdom; three other islands (Dùn, Soay and Boreray) were also used for grazing and seabird hunting. The islands are administratively a part of the Comhairle nan Eilean Siar local authority area.: 254 
The origin of the name St Kilda is a matter of conjecture. The islands' human heritage includes unique architectural features from the historic and prehistoric periods, although the earliest written records of island life date from the Late Middle Ages. The medieval village on Hirta was rebuilt in the 19th century, but illnesses brought by increased external contacts through tourism, and the upheaval of the First World War, contributed to the island's evacuation in 1930. Permanent habitation on the islands possibly extends back two millennia, the population probably never exceeding 180; its peak was in the late 17th century. The population waxed and waned, eventually dropping to 36 in 1930, when the  remaining population was evacuated. Currently, the only year-round residents are military personnel; a variety of conservation workers, volunteers and scientists spend time there in the summer months. The entire archipelago is owned by the National Trust for Scotland. 
A cleit is a stone storage hut or bothy unique to St Kilda; there are known to be 1,260 cleitean on Hirta and a further 170 on the other group islands. Two different early sheep types have survived on these remote islands: the Soay, a Neolithic type, and the Boreray, an Iron Age type. The islands are a breeding ground for many important seabird species including northern gannets, Atlantic puffins, and northern fulmars. The St Kilda wren and St Kilda field mouse are endemic subspecies.
It became one of Scotland's six World Heritage Sites in 1986, and is one of the few in the world to hold joint status for both its natural and cultural qualities.
The Sherlocks are an indie rock band from South Yorkshire.
The band consists of brothers, Kiaran & Brandon Crook along with Alex Procter & Trent Jackson.
Strength athletics in the United Kingdom and Ireland has a long history going back many centuries before the televisation of strongman competitions in the 1970s. The ancient heritage of the sport in the United Kingdom and Ireland lies in a number of traditional events, the most famous of which is arguably the traditional Highland Games, which itself is a source of many events now practised in modern strongman competitions, such as World's Strongest Man and International Federation of Strength Athletes (IFSA) sponsored events. However, the traditional events still are popularly contested events today. In the more modern phenomenon that is the World's Strongest Man and its associated competitions, the United Kingdom and Ireland remain well represented with Glenn Ross, Terry Hollands, Eddie Hall and John Ryan Cappalahan, with regular appearances at world finals, and with three men having won the title of World's Strongest Man, as well as Shane Davis Cappalahan appearing in eight final events.


Kenneth Frank Holding (25 June 1915 – 14 June 1997) was an English cricketer.  Holding was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper.  He was born in Bolton, Lancashire.
Holding made his debut for Cheshire in the 1955 Minor Counties Championship against Northumberland.  Holding played Minor counties cricket for Cheshire from 1955 to 1971, which included 77 Minor Counties Championship matches.  In 1964, he made his List A debut against Surrey in the Gillette Cup.  He played three further List A matches for Cheshire, the last coming against Northamptonshire in the 1968 Gillette Cup.  In his four List A matches, he scored 12 runs at a batting average of 12.00, with a high score of 5*.
He died in Chelford, Cheshire on 14 June 1997.
Kowalowice [kɔvalɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German Kaulwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Namysłów and 54 km (34 mi) north of the regional capital Opole.
In the context of fast Fourier transform algorithms, a butterfly is a portion of the computation that combines the results of smaller discrete Fourier transforms (DFTs) into a larger DFT, or vice versa (breaking a larger DFT up into subtransforms).  The name "butterfly" comes from the shape of the data-flow diagram in the radix-2 case, as described below. The earliest occurrence in print of the term is thought to be in a 1969 MIT technical report. The same structure can also be found in the Viterbi algorithm, used for finding the most likely sequence of hidden states.
Most commonly, the term "butterfly" appears in the context of the Cooley–Tukey FFT algorithm, which recursively breaks down a DFT of composite size n = rm into r smaller transforms of size m where r is the "radix" of the transform.  These smaller DFTs are then combined via size-r butterflies, which themselves are DFTs of size r (performed m times on corresponding outputs of the sub-transforms) pre-multiplied by roots of unity (known as twiddle factors).  (This is the "decimation in time" case; one can also perform the steps in reverse, known as "decimation in frequency", where the butterflies come first and are post-multiplied by twiddle factors.  See also the Cooley–Tukey FFT article.)
Vito Giusto Scozzari (January 26, 1918 – June 5, 1996), also known as Vito Scotti, was an American character actor who played both dramatic and comedy roles on Broadway, in films, and later on television, primarily from the late 1930s to the mid-1990s. He was known as a man of a thousand faces for his ability to assume so many divergent roles in more than 200 screen appearances in a career spanning 50 years and for his resourceful portrayals of various ethnic types. Of Italian heritage, he played everything from a Mexican bandit, to a Russian doctor, to a Japanese sailor, to an Indian travel agent.
Leonard Adrian "Bill" Westmaas (28 May 1923 – 25 August 2011) was a Guyanese cricketer. He played in eight first-class matches for British Guiana from 1945 to 1948.
Westmaas was one of eight brothers who attended Queen's College, Guyana. An opening batsman, his highest score for British Guiana was 111 against Trinidad in 1946–47.
In the 1960s he was the office manager at the Albion Sugar Estate in Berbice. He and his wife Trixie had two daughters and a son.
Mastigodryas dorsalis, the striped lizard eater, is a species of snake found in Guatemala, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador, and Mexico.
Villu Toots (August 24, 1916 – April 10, 1993) was an internationally known Estonian calligrapher, book designer, educator, palaeographer and author.
The Kentucky Downs Turf Sprint Stakes, raced as the Ainsworth Turf Sprint Stakes is a Grade II American Thoroughbred horse race for three years old or older, over a distance of six furlongs on the turf held annually in September at Kentucky Downs racetrack in Franklin, Kentucky during their short turf meeting.  The event currently carries a purse of $2,000,000 which includes $1,000,000 from the Kentucky Thoroughbred Development Fund.
Old Boys' Association Football Club is a junior and senior football club based in the southern New Zealand city of Invercargill.
Old Boys' was founded in 1959 by a small group of Southland Boys High School old boys – hence the name Old Boys'. In 1960 the old Brigadiers AFC clubrooms were purchased at Waverley Park. The current clubrooms were built by volunteer labour and were completed in 1979.
Old Boys' is a regular entrant to the Chatham Cup, recording its best season in 2009, when it reached the last 32 stage of the competition. It currently plays in the Donald Gray division, the premiere men's football grade in Southland. The team has won the Southland Region's Donald Gray Memorial Cup on six occasions.
Old Boys won promotion to the FootballSouth Premier League for the 2013 season. They were the only Invercargill side in the league since Southland Spirit FC pulled out at the end of 2011. A 9th-place finish saw the side relegated from the competition.
With close to 300 registered junior and senior players Old Boys' has become the largest football club in Southland.
From modest beginnings the club has risen to be Southland's most progressive club.
The club has now entered a team in the Fletcher Cup while maintaining status in the Donald Grey Memorial Cup.
Princess Ai (Japanese: プリンセス·アイ物語, Hepburn: Purinsesu Ai Monogatari, lit. 'The Story of Princess Ai') is a manga series created and co-written by American musician and singer Courtney Love and Stuart Levy, with illustration by Ai Yazawa and Misaho Kujiradou. Based in part on Love's own life, the manga follows an amnesiac alien character, Ai, who is transported to Tokyo from her war-torn homeland, where she attempts to piece her life together.
Co-written by Love and Levy, the manga was initially featured in Japan in Shinshokan's Wings magazine, and later published in English by Tokyopop in three volumes between 2004 and 2006. A sequel, Princess Ai: The Prism of Midnight Dawn, was later published in two volumes in 2008 and 2010, respectively, and was written by Christine Boylan and Levy. Tokyopop re-released the original Princess Ai series in one volume, Princess Ai: The Ultimate Edition on October 9, 2007.
Additionally, comic strips, art books, coloring books, fan books, and action figures based on the series and its characters have been released.


Nicholas Z. Kafoglis (January 16, 1930 – February 9, 2019) was an American politician and physician in the state of Kentucky.
Kafoglis served in the Kentucky House of Representatives from 1972 to 1976 and in the Kentucky Senate from 1987 to 1999. He was a Democrat. A 1998 survey by the Kentucky Center for Public Issues rated Kafoglis as the most effective legislator in the senate. Kafoglis was born in Lexington, Kentucky and went to the Lexington public schools. He received his bachelor's and medical degrees from Yale University and the University of Pennsylvania. Kafoglis was a physician and lived in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Kafoglis served in the United States Air Force. He was the son of Greek immigrants. He died in Branford, Connecticut after breaking his hip.
The Afi Mountain Wildlife Sanctuary in Cross River State in southern Nigeria covers 104 km2 (40 sq mi). The wildlife sanctuary was founded in 2000 to provide refuge for endangered animal species, including the Cross River gorilla, the Nigeria-Cameroon chimpanzee, the drill and the gray-necked rockfowl. 
Afi is managed by the Cross River State Forestry Commission/Ministry of Climate Change and Forestry. Although the steep mountainous slopes of the sanctuary have largely protected the forest from logging, it is frequently damaged by dry-season bush fires that are set to clear land for farming or to catch game. Open areas created by fire are quickly colonized by herb species which form an important staple food for gorillas. The largest African wintering ground of the European swallow is in the western part of the sanctuary, where an estimated 20 million of these birds roost during the winter. The Sanctuary is surrounded by 16 communities with a total population of approximately 27,000 people.
Upson is an unincorporated community located in Iron County, Wisconsin, United States. Upson is located at the junction of Wisconsin Highway 77 and Wisconsin Highway 122 12 miles (19 km) southwest of Hurley, in the town of Anderson. Upson had an Air Defense Command radar station of the Permanent System radar network (P-16B, 46°25′10″N 090°23′06″W) and a post office, which closed on March 16, 1985. One of the three people that surveyed the area was named Upson.
Hotel Hanga Roa, also known as Hanga Roa Eco Village & Spa, as of 2020 branded as Nayara Hangaroa, is a hotel in Hanga Roa, Easter Island, overlooking the bay on the Avenue Pont. The hotel was used extensively in the 1994 film Rapa Nui.
In 1994, the hotel was purchased by the Panamericana hotel firm who extended the property with 10 fake thatched roofed bungalows, nine of which have three rooms. The 60 other rooms are located in the main building. Later, the hotel was acquired by Tanica hotels, owned by the Schliess family from mainland Chile. The Hito family, an extended family from Easter Island, occupied the premises for six months in 2010, claiming ancestral property rights. The hotel closed in 2011 for refurbishment and was projected to include a new museum and theatre, shopping complex, pool, tennis courts and other rooms. The hotel staff were mainly Rapa Nui locals, but the management was not from Easter Island. After a protracted conflict between the Hito family and the Schliess family, an agreement was reached in 2020. Under the agreement, property rights were transferred to the Hito family while the Tanica hotel group retained the right to exploit the hotel for 15 years. In 2020 the Costa Rican Nayara Resort group took control of the marketing.
Echolocation, also called bio sonar, is a biological active sonar used by several animal groups, both in the air and underwater. Echolocating animals emit calls and listen to the echoes of those calls that return from various objects near them. They use these echoes to locate and identify the objects. Echolocation is used for navigation, foraging, and hunting prey.
Echolocation calls can be frequency modulated (FM, varying in pitch during the call) or constant frequency (CF). FM offers precise range discrimination to localize the prey, at the cost of reduced operational range. CF allows both the prey's velocity and its movements to be detected by means of the Doppler effect. FM may be best for close, cluttered environments, while CF may be better in open environments or for hunting while perched.
Echolocating animals include mammals, especially odontocetes (toothed whales) and some bat species, and, using simpler forms, species in other groups such as shrews. A few bird species in two cave-dwelling bird groups echolocate, namely cave swiftlets and the oilbird. 
Some prey animals that are hunted by echolocating bats take active countermeasures to avoid capture. These include predator avoidance, attack deflection, and the use of ultrasonic clicks, which have evolved multiple functions including aposematism, mimicry of chemically defended species, and echolocation jamming.


The 2018–19 season was the Esteghlal Football Club's 18th season in the Iran Pro League, and their 25nd consecutive season in the top division of Iranian football. They also competed in the Hazfi Cup, and 73rd year in existence as a football club.


Fantasma is the third studio album by Japanese musician Cornelius, released on August 6, 1997, on his label Trattoria. Cornelius envisioned the album as "a one-on-one experience between the music and the listener. ... It starts with you entering into the journey and ends with you returning to reality." It peaked at number six on the Oricon Albums Chart and number 37 on the UK Independent Albums Chart. Three singles were issued from the album: "Star Fruits Surf Rider", "Free Fall", and "Chapter 8 – Seashore and Horizon –".
Fantasma was initially received with mixed reviews, but drew more praise in later years as one of the defining works of Shibuya-kei. Critic W. David Marx described Fantasma as "an important textbook for an alternative musical history where Bach, Bacharach, and the Beach Boys stands as the great triumvirate."
The Japanese edition of Rolling Stone ranked Fantasma number 10 on its list of the "100 Greatest Japanese Rock Albums of All Time".
This is a list of Philippine Basketball Association players by the highest free throw percentage in their PBA career.

Statistics accurate as of December 23, 2022.
Zhoucheng Subdistrict of Dongping County, Tai'an Prefecture, Shandong Province, People's Republic of China, is situated in the central part of Dongping County. It is bordered to the south by the towns of Shahezhan and Xinhuzhen, to the north by Dongping Subdistrict and Laohuzhen, to the east by Pengji Subdistrict, and the west by Dongping Lake. Zhoucheng Subdistrict administers 71 administrative villages, covers an area of 72 square kilometers, and has a registered population of 61,559 people. It was established in 2010, replacing the former Zhoucheng Town.
In the third year of the Northern Song Dynasty's Xianping era (1000 AD), the original capital of Yun Prefecture, Xuchang City, was submerged, and the prefecture of Yun was moved to this location, which was then named Zhoucheng. Until 1982, when the county seat was moved from Zhoucheng to Houtun in Dongping Subdistrict, Zhoucheng served as the political, economic, and cultural center of Dongping County. It was home to various historical sites and relics, making it a significant tourist destination in Shandong Province. Additionally, Zhoucheng Subdistrict is the birthplace of Wan Li, a prominent leader in the history of the People's Republic of China.
One Week One Trouble is a 1972 young adult/children novel by Nigerian writer Anezi Okoro. The title of the book has been used by a journalist to describe "trouble" befalling  Nigerian politicians.


Mustafa Sayar (born 22 April 1989) is a Turkish professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Sakarya BB Pro Team.  In 2013 he was suspended following his testing positive for EPO.
Lieutenant General Phil du Preez   is a former Anti-Aircraft officer of the South African Army.
Grachan Moncur may refer to:

Grachan Moncur II (1915–1996), jazz bassist and father of Grachan Moncur III
Grachan Moncur III (1937–2022), jazz trombonist
Koffi Constant Kouamé (born 28 September 1995) is an Ivorian football defender.
Upper Little York Lake is located near Little York, New York. Fish species present in the lake include bluegill, brown trout, rainbow trout, and pumpkinseed sunfish. There is access via boat launch in Dwyer Memorial Park on the north shore off Little York Road.


Manuela ("Manu") Canetti (born December 26, 1988) is a female water polo goalkeeper from Brazil, who finished in fourth place with the Brazil women's national water polo team at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She also competed at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, finishing in tenth place.
"Wildflowers" is a song written by Greg Arnold and recorded by Australian folk-rock band Things of Stone and Wood. The song was released in August 1994 as the lead single from the band's second studio album Junk Theatre. "Wildflowers" peaked at number 41 on the ARIA Charts in September 1994.
The record label were resistant in releasing "Wildflowers" as the lead single due to the word Nazi in the song's chorus, but writer Greg Arnold insisted. The song became the most played Australian single on radio in October 1994.
In a review of the album, Jonathan Lewis from AllMusic said the song is commentary "on the rise of racism in Australia".
A Late Quartet (released in Australia as Performance) is a 2012 American drama film directed by Yaron Zilberman and co-written by Zilberman and Seth Grossman. The film stars Philip Seymour Hoffman, Christopher Walken, Catherine Keener, Mark Ivanir and Imogen Poots.
Inspired by and structured around Beethoven's Op. 131, the film follows the world-renowned Fugue String Quartet after its cellist Peter Mitchell (Walken) is diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. Frederick Elmes served as cinematographer and Angelo Badalamenti composed the score. The Brentano String Quartet played the quartet music for the soundtrack and Anne Sofie von Otter appears as the cellist's late wife, singing Korngold's "Marietta's Song" from Die tote Stadt.
The film premiered in the Special Presentation program at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival, and was theatrically released in over 30 countries. It received generally positive reviews.


The Hunts of Maximilian or Les Chasses de Maximilien, also Les Belles chasses de Guise (The Beautiful Hunts of Guise) are a set of twelve tapestries, one per month, depicting hunting scenes in the Sonian Forest, south of Brussels, by the court of Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor (d. 1519). They were produced in a Brussels workshop, and several tapestries are given identifiable locations that were then around the outskirts of the city, but are now mostly engulfed by it.  The set is now in the Louvre.
The original set, completed in the 1530s, were commissioned by a member of the Habsburg family: either Charles V (Maximilian's grandson), or his aunt Margaret of Austria (Maximilian's daughter), or Charles's sister Mary of Hungary.  Both princesses governed the Low countries in Charles' name, Mary taking over after Margaret's death in 1530.  A contract of 1533 probably refers to these tapestries.

They were almost certainly designed by Bernard van Orley, the leading tapestry designer of the day, perhaps between 1528 and 1533.  Jan Cornelisz Vermeyen has been suggested as a possibility in the past.  Both of these designed other tapestries for the Habsburgs.   Each tapestry has a roundel at centre top containing the astrological symbol for the month.  They probably contain portraits of individuals from Maximilian's court; attempts have been made to identify these.  Some pen and ink drawings by van Orley are in the Louvre, and the National Gallery of Art in Washington has a drawing for "August".  The borders may have been designed by a different artist; they do not feature in any surviving van Orley drawings.
Sets of hunting scenes had long been a popular subject in tapestry, with sets like the Devonshire Hunting Tapestries (1430–1450, V&A), perhaps the largest set of 15th-century survivals, showing the hunting of bears, boars, deer, swans, otters, and falconry.  There are large numbers of human figures and animals arranged fairly evenly across the whole image space, and only a rudimentary landscape setting.  Very fashionably dressed ladies and gentlemen stroll around beside the slaughter.  But the Hunts of Maximilian are very different, with an advanced Renaissance compositional style adapted to tapestries, and a remarkably forward-looking group of expansive landscapes behind the figures.
The Louvre's set were in the collection of the Dukes of Guise by 1589, remaining until 1654.  After being owned by Cardinal Mazarin, they entered the French royal collection of Louis XIV in 1665.  They are now in the Louvre museum, and considered one of the masterpieces of the art of tapestry.
The English Labour Network was formed in 2017 to encourage the British Labour Party to recognise and embrace the distinct political identity of England, and to thereby strengthen support for the party throughout the country. The group has called for the Labour Party to publish an English manifesto to reflect the many political challenges centered on England. The English Labour Network's formation reflects the lack of an English focus within Labour, with no equivalent to the Scottish Labour Party, Welsh Labour and the Labour Party in Northern Ireland.
Founding supporters include John Denham, Jon Cruddas, Liam Byrne and Shabana Mahmood.
Richard O. Duda  is Professor Emeritus of Electrical Engineering at San Jose State University renowned for his work on sound localization and pattern recognition. He lives in Menlo Park, California.


The sulfate nitrates are a family of double salts that contain both sulfate and nitrate ions (NO3−, SO42−). They are in the class of mixed anion compounds. A few rare minerals are in this class. Two sulfate nitrates are in the class of anthropogenic compounds, accidentally made as a result of human activities in fertilizers that are a mix of ammonium nitrate and ammonium sulfate, and also in the atmosphere as polluting ammonia, nitrogen dioxide, and sulfur dioxide react with the oxygen and water there to form solid particles. The nitro group (NO3−) can act as a ligand, and complexes containing it can form salts with sulfate.
Verkhnebaltachevo (Russian: Верхнебалтачево; Bashkir: Үрге Балтас, Ürge Baltas) is a rural locality (a village) in Nizhnebaltachevsky Selsoviet, Tatyshlinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 189 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.


The Municipal Building of Ponce Playa (Spanish: Edificio Municipal de la Playa de Ponce or Ponce Playa) is a historic building and former civic center and municipal offices of the Playa barrio (Ponce Playa) of the city of Ponce, Puerto Rico. The municipal building was intended to serve the Ponce Playa settlement which had significantly grown thanks to the economic and industrial activities of the Port of Ponce. It was designed by engineer Manuel V. Domenech and municipal chief engineer Victor A. Auffant in a Renaissance-inspired Spanish Revival style and built in 1904. It hosted municipal offices in addition to a police station, jailhouse and fire station. It also provided social services to the local community such as first aid and civic offices. Although the building is no longer in official municipal use it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013 due to its architectural and local historic significance.
Hurricane Emmy was the longest-lived hurricane of the 1976 Atlantic hurricane season. The fifth tropical cyclone and the third hurricane of the season, Emmy developed from a tropical wave on August 20 to the east of the Lesser Antilles. After changing its direction three times over several days, during which it reached a peak intensity of 105 mph (169 km/h), it turned to the east and slowly weakened. Emmy passed through the Azores on September 3, and a day later it was absorbed by approaching Hurricane Frances.
Emmy passed within 135 miles (217 km) of the Lesser Antilles, though only minor effects were experienced. No damage was reported in the Azores, though strong winds from the hurricane caused a Venezuelan air force C-130 flight to crash near Lajes Field, killing all 68 aboard.
Scopula thysanopus is a moth of the  family Geometridae. It is found in Australia (Queensland).
The Life of Pi'erre 5 is the second studio album by American record producer and rapper Pi'erre Bourne. It was released on June 11, 2021, by SossHouse Records and Interscope Records. The album features Playboi Carti, Lil Uzi Vert, and Sharc. It is the final album in The Life of Pi'erre series.
Charles McGonigal (born June 23, 1968) is a former American Federal Bureau of Investigation special agent in charge of counterintelligence in the FBI's New York City field office. In 2016 and 2017, as a supervisor in the New York Office, he led investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections and Russian efforts to aid Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign, including by Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska. In December 2023 McGonigal was sentenced to 50 months in prison for conspiring with Deripaska to violate U.S. sanctions on Russia. In February 2024, McGonigal was sentenced to an additional 28 months in prison for concealing payments he received from a former Albanian intelligence employee. During McGonigal’s time in a supervisory position in the New York Field Office, the office was marked by controversial leaks.
Lytta nigripilis is a species of blister beetle in the family Meloidae. It is found in North America.
Kazal-type serine protease inhibitor domain-containing protein 1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the KAZALD1 gene.
Mighty Mo Rodgers (born July 24, 1942) is an American electric blues musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer, who has released eight albums to date. He has been influenced by the work of Aretha Franklin, Bobby Bland, Eddie Boyd, Jimmy Reed, Otis Redding, Sam & Dave, and Willie Dixon.
Bonnie Raitt noted that "Mo Rodgers' music is a breath of fresh air in the blues/R&B world. He combines sly social commentary with a great funky sound. . . . I love his voice. He's a welcome original."
Translational Backus–Naur Form (TBNF or Translational BNF) refers to Backus–Naur form, which is a formal grammar notation used to define the syntax of computer languages, such as Algol, Ada, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Java, Perl, Python, and many others.  TBNF goes beyond BNF and extended BNF (EBNF) grammar notation because it not only defines the syntax of a language, but also defines the structure of the abstract syntax tree (AST) to be created in memory and the output intermediate code to be generated.  Thus TBNF defines the complete translation process from input source code to intermediate code.  Specification of the output intermediate code is optional, in which case you will still get automatic AST creation and have the ability to define its structure in the grammar.


Jablanac is a village in Lika-Senj County, Croatia, located on the Adriatic Sea underneath the Velebit mountain, overlooking the island of Rab. The village used to have a ferry port that connected it to Rab, but that moved up the coast to Stinica in July 2012. The population of Jablanac is 83 (2011) and it is located in the municipality of Senj (which lies to the north).
Local attractions include Zavratnica inlet where you can see a sunken military ferry wreck from WW2 and stunning scenery. Nearby is the Velebit mountain and the Northern Velebit National Park.
"Todo, Todo, Todo" (English: Everything, Everything, Everything) is a song written by Jorsaci, produced by Bebu Silvetti, and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter and actress Daniela Romo. It was released by EMI Latin in 1991 as the second single from Romo's sixth studio album Amada más que nunca (1991). The song became the second number-one single for Romo in the Billboard Top Latin Songs chart, after "De Mí Enamórate" five years prior. Romo earned two nominations at the Lo Nuestro Award in 1992 for the track, Pop Song of the Year and Best Music Video, winning the latter. "Todo, Todo, Todo" has a choreography which is a staple at Filipino informal/formal (hall) parties. The video received a Billboard Music nomination for Latin Video of the Year by a Female Artist.
The song debuted in the Billboard Top Latin Songs chart (formerly Hot Latin Tracks) chart at number 29 in the week of May 25, 1991, climbing to the top ten two weeks later. "Todo, Todo, Todo" peaked at number-one on May 5, 1991, replacing "Mi Deseo" by Mexican band Los Bukis and being succeeded ten weeks later by "Cosas del Amor" by American singer Vikki Carr and Mexican singer-songwriter Ana Gabriel. "Todo, Todo, Todo" ended 1991 as the second best performing Latin single of the year in the United States.
The manga Devilman (デビルマン, Debiruman) was written and illustrated by Go Nagai and originally published by Kodansha from June 11, 1972 (1972-06-11) to June 24, 1973 (1973-06-24) in Shonen Magazine. The series has been published in tankōbon format several times, most of them by Kodansha (with the exception of the ebook format and some special editions). Starting the 1987 publishing, most Kodansha editions include, as part of the volumes, the manga Shin Devilman (which originally was not meant to be included in the canon of the original series).
Outside Japan, Devilman has been published in France, Hong Kong, Italy, South Korea and Taiwan. In France, it was published in 1999-2000 by Dynamic Visions, translated by Federico Colpi; in Hong Kong it has been published twice, one in 1993 and the other in 1999 and the Taiwanese edition is also available there; in Italy it has been published four times, the first time from 1991 to 1993 by Granata Press, the second time in 1996 by Dynamic Italia, the third time by d/visual from 2004 to 2005, and the last time by Jpop in 2013; and in Taiwan, it was published by d/visual taipei in 2005.
There is also a publication called Go Nagai's Devilman: The Devil's Incarnation published in 1986 by Dynamic Production for the United States. It contains chapters from the first tankōbon and it was translated by Willard Carroll with David Lewis. Seven Seas Entertainment published the English translation of the original manga in two volumes in 2018.
The Shin Devilman manga was partially released in a digitally colored version with slightly revised art in the US in 1995 by Glenn Danzig under his label Verotik under the title Devilman. The manga has also been published in Italy by d/visual where it is known as Devilman: Time Travellers.
Subdivisions of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth evolved over for centuries of its existence from the signing of the Union of Lublin to the third partition.
The lands that once belonged to the Commonwealth are now largely distributed among several central, eastern, and northern European countries: Poland (except western Poland), Lithuania, Latvia, Belarus, most of Ukraine, parts of Russia, southern half of Estonia, and smaller pieces in Slovakia and Moldova.
Manglisi Cathedral or Manglisi Sioni Cathedral (Georgian: მანგლისის სიონი) is a 6th-7th-century Georgian Orthodox cathedral near the town of Manglisi, Tetritsqaro Municipality, Georgia.
The first church was built in 4th century. The current cathedral was constructed from the 6th to 7th centuries. The cathedral went through a huge restoration in 1002.
The temple has rather unique design. It is a tetraconch, rather common for the churches of the 6th-7th centuries, but unusually inserted into an octagon. Later alterations partly mask the original plan.
The Baird Baronetcy of Urie was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 8 March 1897 for Alexander Baird of Urie of the junior cadet branch of the Bairds of Gartsherrie. This Baird baronetcy has later been held with the titles Baron Stonehaven, Viscount Stonehaven and Earl of Kintore.
Jock Morison (5 December 1914 – 10 March 1991) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Morison later served in the Australian Army during World War II, spending time in north Borneo in 1945.
Liza Quin (born Liza Quintana) is a Cuban-American artist who began performing at the age of five. She has worked behind the scenes in the music industry writing songs, recording back-up vocals, and producing and singing alongside numerous artists such as Alejandro Sanz, Jon Secada, Ziggy Marley, Carlos Ponce, Gloria Estefan, Francisco Céspedes. Quin was a featured vocalist on Ricky Martin's One Night Only tour and UnPlugged for MTV.
As a songwriter, her credits include collaborations on several popular songs including Gloria Estefan's Grammy nominated "Out of Nowhere," as well as songs for Ricky Martin, Mandy Moore, Miami Sound Machine, Shalim, and Pablo Portillo.
In 2005, Quin released the single "Make Your Move," featuring one of the pioneers of Latin urban pop music, El General. The accompanying video became popular on HTV and MTV, rotating in over 20 different countries and topping radio charts in Colombia. Soon after, her collaboration with Miami hip hop artist Garcia, featuring N.O.R.E., the bilingual "Dejalo" hit top 20 on urban Latino radio stations in Miami.
Early in 2013, Quin worked on a solo EP and performed in the Miami area with her then-band Liza Quin & The Bureau.
Occult Medicine is the third full-length studio album by the French death metal band Yyrkoon. It was released in 2006 on Osmose Productions records.
You're Under Arrest is a 1985 album recorded by Miles Davis, presenting a mixture of pop covers (including Cyndi Lauper's "Time After Time" and Michael Jackson's "Human Nature"), and original material dealing with politics, racism, pollution and war. It is the first Davis album since On the Corner in 1972 to include electric guitarist John McLaughlin.
Embedded RDF (eRDF) is a syntax for writing HTML in such a way that the information in the HTML document can be extracted (with an eRDF parser or XSLT style sheet) into Resource Description Framework (RDF). This can be of great use for searching within data.
It was invented by Ian Davis in 2005, and partly inspired by microformats, a simplified approach to semantically annotate data in websites. This specification is obsolete, superseded by RDFa, Microdata, and JSON-LD.
Rusty Hicks is a former labor leader serving as chair of the California Democratic Party. Hicks won the June 4, 2019, chairmanship election after the resignation of Eric C. Bauman and was re-elected in 2021. He unsuccessfully ran for California's 2nd Assembly District in 2024, ultimately placing 3rd in the March Primary.
James Westmoreland, also known and credited as Rad Fulton, (November 25, 1935 – September 14, 2016) was an American actor in films and television from 1956 to 1987.
Mattia de Rossi (14 January 1637 – 2 August 1695) was an Italian architect of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome and surrounding towns.
Muhammad Qamar Abbas Rizvi is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from June 2016 to May 2018.
On 14 August 2017, an improvised explosive device targeted a Frontier Corps (FC) vehicle in Harnai district of Pakistan's southwestern Balochistan province. The attack left 8 FC troops dead. The Balochistan Liberation Army claimed responsibility for the attack.
Kharabeh-ye Chul Arkh (Persian: خرابه چول ارخ, also Romanized as Kharābeh-ye Chūl Arkh; also known as Kharābeh-ye Chehel Arkh) is a village in Gorgin Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 170, in 39 families. The village is populated by Azerbaijanis.
A phrase book or phrasebook is a collection of ready-made phrases, usually for a foreign language along with a translation, indexed and often in the form of questions and answers.
The large moth family Gelechiidae contains the following genera:
Osteophorus is an extinct genus of eryopoidean temnospondyl within the family Eryopidae. It is only known from the Permian of Poland.
The Delhi BRTS was a bus rapid transit system in Delhi. The first route opened in 2008 ahead of the 2010 Commonwealth Games, which were held in the city. The project was well used but was criticised for the difficulty of access to the bus platforms, which were in the middle of the road, for lack of enforcement and for the effect it had on other motor traffic. A legal challenge was defeated in 2012. The Aam Aadmi Party Government had announced the scrapping of bus rapid transit system  and it was dismantled in 2016, because of traffic congestion and accidents.
The Guerrero Correctional Institution (Institución Correccional Guerrero) is a prison for men located in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico, owned and operated by the Puerto Rico Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation.  With a stated capacity of 944 inmates, it's among the three largest prisons in the territory.
The facility was first opened in 1986 as a Community Therapy mental health unit (Comunidad Terapéutica de Guerrero) of the Puerto Rico Department of Health.  It became a correctional facility in March 1997.  As of 2008 about a third of its inmates were pre-trial detainees, and the others were serving longer sentences at minimum security.  
From 2002 to 2008, some 53 Guerrero inmates died inside the institution, all but one of them pre-trial detainees, and 73% of them within their first week behind bars, most of them homeless. An extensive report by the ACLU of Puerto Rico blamed the abuse of a horse tranquilizer, Xylazine, among inmates, and lack of appropriate medical attention and lack of accountability among prison officials.
Belmonte is a municipality (município) in the Brazilian state of Bahia. It is located at 15º51'47" S, 38º52'58" W. It is 8 metres above sea level. In 2020 it had an estimated population of 23,437 inhabitants. 
The municipality covers a total area of 2016.85 km2 and was founded in 1764.
The municipality contains part of the 100,646 hectares (248,700 acres) Canavieiras Extractive Reserve, created in 2006.
Gebe, or Minyaifuin, is an Austronesian language of eastern Indonesia, spoken on the islands between Halmahera and Waigeo.


NVC community SD3 (Matricaria maritima - Galium aparine strandline community) is one of two strandline community in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is a fairly localised community of northern Britain. There are no subcommunities.
Peđa Krstin (Serbian Cyrillic: Пеђа Крстин; born 3 September 1994) is a Serbian professional tennis player. Krstin has a career high ATP singles ranking of No. 159, which he achieved on 9 May 2016. He also achieved a career high ATP doubles ranking of No. 554 on 17 October 2015. He has won one Challenger and 14 Futures singles titles in his career.
Bormelsbach is a small river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It flows into the Möhne near Belecke.
Anoplophora sollii is a species of beetles in the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae).
Diamonds On the Inside is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Ben Harper, released in 2003. Although he did not explicitly credit the Innocent Criminals for the first time in 10 years, all the touring members continue to support him on the album. On this album, Harper brought on several new additions to his band, the first being guitarist Nicky Panicci (a.k.a. Nicky P)  in 2002 who is the first guitar player to be credited on a Ben Harper record. Panicci toured with Harper on the Diamonds on the Inside Tour for almost a year. After leaving Harper's band on his own accord,  Marc Ford, formerly of The Black Crowes replaced Panicci and joined Harper's band.


Mieczki-Ziemaki [ˈmjɛt͡ʂki ʑɛˈmaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Troszyn, 21 km (13 mi) east of Ostrołęka, and 108 km (67 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
Ascobolus denudatus is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Ascobolaceae.
This is an uncommon European species appearing as tiny yellow discs up to 1 mm across on rotting straw. It can be encountered at any time of year but is mainly seen from summer to early autumn.
The Antilles catshark (Galeus antillensis) is a common but little-known species of catshark, part of the family Scyliorhinidae. It is found on or near the bottom at a depth of 293–695 m (961–2,280 ft) off Florida and the West Indies from Jamaica to Martinique. It was once regarded as a subspecies of the similar roughtail catshark (G. arae), along with the longfin sawtail catshark (G. cadenati). Growing to 46 cm (18 in) long, the Antilles catshark is a slender species with a marbled color pattern of dark saddles and blotches, as well as a crest of enlarge dermal denticles along the front part of its dorsal caudal fin margin. It feeds on shrimp and may have schooling habits. Reproduction is oviparous. 


Alan Wakeman (19 June 1936 – 8 August 2015) was a British author, playwright, vegan and gay rights activist.
Ska punk (also spelled ska-punk) is a fusion genre that mixes ska music and punk rock music. Ska punk tends to feature brass instruments, especially horns such as trumpets, trombones and woodwind instruments like saxophones, making the genre distinct from other forms of punk rock. It is closely tied to third wave ska which reached its zenith in the mid-1990s.
Before ska punk began, many ska bands and punk rock bands performed on the same bills. Some music groups from the late 1970s and early 1980s, such as the Clash, the Deadbeats, the Specials, the Beat, and Madness fused characteristics of punk rock and ska, but many of these were punk bands playing an occasional ska-flavored song or ska bands with punk influences. During the late 1980s and early 1990s, ska-punk enjoyed its greatest success, heralded by bands such as Fishbone, the Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Sublime, Less Than Jake, and more.
Ska punk had significant mainstream success in the middle-to-late 1990s, with many bands topping pop and rock music charts. The best-selling ska punk record of the era was No Doubt's Tragic Kingdom, which was certified diamond by the RIAA in 1999 and was certified diamond by Music Canada in 1997. By the early 2000s, many of the bands in ska punk had broken up, and the genre lost mainstream appeal, though it continued to have underground popularity and featured a revival in the late 2010s with bands like the Interrupters returning to chart success, when their song "She's Kerosene" reached the top 5 on alternative and rock music charts in Canada and the US, as well as in the early 2020s with hyperpop duo 100 gecs album 10,000 gecs incorporating elements of ska punk to critical acclaim.


Live at the Ryman is American country singer Marty Stuart's 15th album. This album is significant as it is the first (and so far, only) album composed of entirely live performances.
Kampelje (Chakavian: Kanpeje)  is a small village on the middle of the Croatian island of Krk. It is part of the municipality of Vrbnik. As of 2021, it had 11 inhabitants. The village is located 3 km to the south of Garica.
The 1976 United States Senate election in West Virginia was held on November 2, 1976. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Robert Byrd won re-election to a fourth term. The Republican Party did not field a candidate for this election, leading to a 100% election victory for Byrd. Byrd's 566,359 votes is the most received by a Democrat in any statewide election in the state's history.
Akira Aizawa (相澤晃, born 18 July 1997) is a Japanese long-distance runner.
On 4 December 2020, he won the 10,000m race at the Japanese national championships in a time of 27:18:75 at the Nagai Stadium, Osaka. In doing so, he broke the Japanese national record and ran the Olympic qualifying standard time to secure a place at his home 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Lex Luthor is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. As Superman's archenemy, he has been portrayed in almost every Superman media franchise and adaptation.
Lex Luthor is a major character within the Superman mythos and has appeared in many of Superman's adaptations into other media. The character is originally depicted as a mad scientist and later depicted as a wealthy, power-mad American business magnate running the technology company LexCorp which is based in the city of Metropolis. His portrayal in feature films ranges from being a vain criminal interested in real estate development to that of a genius who heads LexCorp.


Two ships of the Confederate States Navy have been named General Quitman after several cities after John A. Quitman:

CSS General Quitman (transport), a Confederate States transport built c.1859, sank at Morganza, Louisiana on October 23, 1868
CSS General Quitman (gunboat), a gunboat of Confederate River Defense Fleet, probably built as the Galveston c.1857, burned to prevent capture on April 24, 1862
Nino Segarra (born June 21, 1953) is a Puerto Rican singer, composer, musician and musical arranger.
The following is a comprehensive discography of UFO, an English hard rock band formed in 1968. The band became a transitional band between early hard rock and heavy metal and the new wave of British heavy metal. UFO's influence was strongly felt in the 1980s heavy metal scene and they have been cited as a primary influence of Steve Harris of Iron Maiden, Kirk Hammett of Metallica, Dave Mustaine of Megadeth, Joey Tempest of Europe, Frank Hannon of Tesla, and Mike McCready of Pearl Jam, among others.
Tree Island may refer to:

Tree Island, South China Sea, Hainan, People's Republic of China
Tree Island, Queensland, Australia
Tree Island (British Columbia), an island in the lower Fraser River, British Columbia
Tree Island is a local name for Sandy Island, the core island of Sandy Island Marine Provincial Park, Canada
Tree Island (novel), by Linda Grover
Tree Island, also known as Pak Chau, Tuen Mun District, New Territories, Hong Kong
Tree island, a variety of tropical hardwood hammock found in the Florida Everglades
The Legacy of Islamic Antisemitism: From Sacred Texts to Solemn History is a 2008 book by Andrew G. Bostom. It has been described by Raphael Israeli in The Jerusalem Post as a "collection of sources, Islamic and others, which testify to the long and sorry history of anti-Semitism in Islam."
Vitorino, Paraná is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
The 110th Separate Guards Motorized Rifle Brigade (Russian: 110-я отдельная гвардейская мотострелковая бригада, 110 омсбр; Military Unit Number 08826), is a unit of the Russian Ground Forces.
Before 1 January 2023 it was known as the 100th Separate Guards Motorized Rifle Order of Republic Brigade (Russian: 100-я отдельная гвардейская мотострелковая ордена Республики бригада, 100 омсбр) a military unit of 1st Army Corps, that forms the army of the Donetsk People's Republic. Serving as an element under the 1st Army Corps of the DPR's Ministry of Defence, it is tasked with defence of its assigned territories using rapid reaction, reconnaissance and spetsnaz components.
Ratauli  is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4318 people living in 788 individual households.
The Kabu Formation is a Late Cretaceous geologic formation of Middle Cenomanian age and is part of the Mifune Group. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation, although none have yet been referred to a specific genus. The formation was named by N. & K. Wasada in 1979.


The Vajrasuchi Upanishad (Sanskrit: वज्रसूची उपनिषत्, IAST: Vajrasūcī Upaniṣad) is an important Sanskrit text and an Upanishad of Hinduism. It is classified as one of the 22 Samanya (general) Upanishads, and identified as a Vedanta text. It is attached to the Samaveda.
The text discusses the four varnas also called 'caste'. It is notable for being a systematic philosophical work against the division of human beings, and for asserting that any human being can achieve the highest spiritual state of existence.


Michael O'Connell is an Irish Labour Party politician and former Lord Mayor of Cork. He was born in Cork and represented the North West electoral area. He was first elected onto the Cork City Council in 1999, and served as Deputy Lord Mayor in 2006–2007. He has been a member of many Committees of Council and in June 2005 was elected Chair of the Cork City housing committee. He lost his seat at the 2014 Local Elections.
Born in 1952, he was originally from Farranferris Place in Farranree, on the north side of Cork City, he attended the North Monastery Secondary School. By 2010, O’Connell was living in Shanakiel, representing the North-West ward, where he was first elected in 1999. He was a member of the Workers' Party in the 1980s and later joined the Democratic Left. While he was involved in campaigns for both parties, it was only when he joined the Labour Party that he was persuaded to run for office and was subsequently elected. He served as chairperson of the South West Regional Authority. As of 2009, he was outgoing chairman of the board of Gurranabraher Credit Union (GCU).
He succeeded Dara Murphy as Lord Mayor of Cork in 2010, winning the position with six Labour votes along with the support of six members of Fine Gael and four members of Fianna Fáil, under an agreement that has seen the three parties share the mayoralty for the previous 3 decades in Cork City. Independent councillor Kieran McCarthy also supported O’Connell. His term as Lord Mayor coincided with the historic visit of reigning British monarch, Queen Elizabeth II to Cork, to whom he presented a specially commissioned brooch.
Draai van de Kaai (English: Turn of the Quay) is an elite men's and women's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in Roosendaal, Netherlands on the second Monday after the Tour de France. The first edition was in 1980 and since 2008 the event also includes a women's race.
Albert Delvaille, called Trébla  (Neuilly-sur-Seine, 30 May 1870 – Paris, October 1943) was a French playwright and novelist.
After he finished his studies at École Monge, he joined his father at Sète where he had his first play presented. He was then just 15. After he returned in Paris, his plays were given on numerous stages including the Théâtre Antoine, La Cigale or the Bataclan.
He is buried at the Montmartre Cemetery (3rd division).
Guy Helminger (born 1963) is a Luxembourgish author who has written a number of successful novels and plays in German.


The Taoiseach ( )  is the head of government or prime minister of Ireland. The office is appointed by the President of Ireland upon the nomination of Dáil Éireann (the lower house of the Oireachtas, Ireland's national legislature) and the office-holder must retain the support of a majority in the Dáil to remain in office.
The Irish word taoiseach means "chief" or "leader", and was adopted in the 1937 Constitution of Ireland as the title of the "head of the Government or Prime Minister". It is the official title of the head of government in both English and Irish, and is not used for the prime ministers of other countries, who are instead referred to in Irish by the generic term príomh-aire. The phrase an Taoiseach is sometimes used in an otherwise English-language context, and means the same as "the Taoiseach".
The incumbent Taoiseach is Simon Harris, TD, leader of Fine Gael, who took office on 9 April 2024 following the resignation of Leo Varadkar and under a planned rotation as part of the coalition agreement between Fianna Fáil, Fine Gael, and the Green Party. Varadkar held the post from December 2022 and Micheál Martin, TD held the post from June 2020 until December 2022 as part of that agreement. Varadkar tendered his resignation as Taoiseach to the President on 8 April 2024; he was succeeded by Simon Harris the next day after his Dáil election and appointment, becoming the youngest officeholder in state history.


Edmundo Jarquín (born in Ocotal, 19 September 1946) is a Nicaraguan politician. He was the vice presidential running-mate of Herty Lewites, who was the presidential candidate for the Sandinista Renovation Movement (MRS) in the 2006 elections until his death on July 2, 2006. Jarquín then became the presidential candidate for the MRS.  He chose Carlos Mejía Godoy to be his running mate. Jarquin finished in fourth place during the 2006 elections, receiving 6.29% of the vote.
Farini is a village in the municipality of Višnjan, Istria County, Croatia, 10 kilometres from the Western Croatian coast.
Liplje may refer to:

Liplje Monastery, an Orthodox monastery near Teslić, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Liplje, Kamnik, a village in Slovenia
Liplje, Ljig, a village in Serbia
Liplje, Postojna, a village in Slovenia
Liplje, Vrbovsko, a settlement in the municipality of Vrbovsko, Croatia
Liplje, Zvornik, a mountain village near Zvornik, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Liplje camp, concentration camp in operation in Liplje village during the Bosnian War
Botswana  competed at the inaugural African Beach Games in Sal, Cape Verde from 14 to 23 June 2019. In total, athletes representing Botswana won one silver medal and three bronze medals. All medals were won in karate. The country finished in 13th place in the medal table.


Gabriel Beaupré (born November 23, 1992) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was previously a prospect under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Panthers compete in the National Football League (NFL), as a member club of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) South division. The team is headquartered in Bank of America Stadium in Uptown Charlotte; which also serves as the team's home field. The Panthers are supported throughout the Carolinas; although the team has played its home games in Charlotte since 1996, it played its home games at Memorial Stadium in Clemson, South Carolina, during its first season in 1995.
The Panthers were announced as the league's 29th franchise in 1993 and began playing in 1995 under the original owner and founder Jerry Richardson. The Panthers played well in their first two years, finishing 7–9 in 1995 (an all-time best for an NFL expansion team's first season) and 12–4 the following year, winning the NFC West before ultimately losing to the eventual Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship Game. They did not have another winning season until 2003 when they won the NFC Championship Game and reached Super Bowl XXXVIII, losing 32–29 to the New England Patriots. After recording playoff appearances in 2005 and 2008, the team failed to record another playoff appearance until 2013, the first of three consecutive NFC South titles. After losing in the divisional round to the San Francisco 49ers in 2013 and the Seattle Seahawks in 2014, the Panthers returned to the Super Bowl in 2015 but lost to the Denver Broncos. Since then, the team has appeared in the playoffs only once, in 2017. The team's five NFC South titles since the division's establishment in 2002 rank second only to the New Orleans Saints.
As of 2024, the Carolina Panthers remain the newest club in the NFC, excluding the Seahawks who were founded in 1976 but moved to the NFC in 2002. The franchise is legally registered as Panther Football, LLC. and are controlled by David Tepper, whose purchase of the team from founder Jerry Richardson was unanimously approved by league owners on May 22, 2018. The club, which Forbes valued at approximately US$2.3 billion in 2018, is estimated at $4.1 billion by it in 2023.


The 1982 Salang Tunnel fire occurred on 3 November 1982 in Afghanistan's Salang Tunnel during the Soviet–Afghan War.  Details are uncertain and officially the number of casualties was recorded as between 168–176 Soviet and Afghan soldiers and civilians. Despite this, contemporary Western media said the incident may have been the deadliest known road accident, and one of the deadliest fires of modern times, with the death toll estimated at 2,700 to 3,000 people, including 700 Soviet soldiers.
Longoni is a surname of Italian origin. Notable people with the surname include:

Andrea Longoni (born 1983), Italian sports journalist and television presenter
Angelo Longoni (1933–1993), Italian footballer
Carlo Longoni (1889 – 1969), Italian racing cyclist
Emilio Longoni (1859–1932), Italian painter
Lucas Longoni (born 1985), Italian Argentine footballer
Tarcisio Longoni (1913–1990), Italian politician
Epifany Slavinetsky (Russian: Епифа́ний Славине́цкий) (c. 1600 – 19 November 1675) was an ecclesiastical expert of the Russian Orthodox Church who helped Patriarch Nikon to revise ancient service-books. His actions precipitated the raskol, the great schism of the national church.

Epifany was born in Moscow. In the 1620s, he attended the Kiev Brotherhood School and furthered his education abroad. He was one of the most educated people of his period in Central and Eastern Europe. He came to master Latin, Polish, Ancient Greek and Hebrew. On his return to Kiev, he took monastic vows in the Kiev Pechersk Lavra. In the late 1630s, he compiled the first Latin-Church Slavonic lexicon, which he would revise on several occasions.
Upon hearing about Epifany's scholarly expertise, the Imperial Russian Tsar Alexis invited him to correct the ecclesiastical books of Muscovy. Epifany arrived in Moscow in 1649 and visited the Trinity-Sergius monastery the same year. He quickly managed to secure the patronage of the Boyar Boris Morozov and Metropolitan Nikon of Novgorod, who was elected Patriarch a short time later.
Epifany joined the Chudov Monastery in the Moscow Kremlin where he was appointed head of the Patriarchal school and charged with administrating the Printery. He revived the mediaeval tradition of delivering sermons in Russian churches. In the 1650s and early 1660s, he revised the Muscovite service-books and translated Erasmus and Copernicus from Latin. He translated Joannes Löwenklaw's collection of Byzantine law in 1656.
When Nikon fell into disgrace, he gained the support of the scholar, who proved that his deposition was contrary to the laws of the church. He spent his last years translating the Septuagint and the New Testament as commissioned by his patron Fyodor Rtishchev. Epifany died in Moscow in 1675.


Kazuya Mitake (御嶽 和也, Mitake Kazuya, born 14 August 1951) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Lands of Lore: The Throne of Chaos is a 1993 role-playing video game developed by Westwood Studios and published by Virgin Games for MS-DOS, the NEC PC-9801, and FM Towns. It was the first installment of the Lands of Lore series. The player travels around various environments, collecting items and battling monsters in an attempt to save the kingdom from a witch named Scotia, who has acquired shape-shifting abilities.
Westwood wanted to create something new after being acquired by Virgin, and it was intended that the game outperform Eye of The Beholder II. Lands of Lore: The Throne of Chaos received generally positive reviews, with reviewers complimenting the graphics and the skill system, but some criticized its combat and repetitiveness. In 1994, the game was re-released on CD, adding voice-overs, including some by Patrick Stewart. Lands of Lore: The Throne of Chaos was followed by a sequel, Lands of Lore: Guardians of Destiny, in 1997.
Henry Evans Maude,  (1 October 1906 – 4 November 2006) was a British Colonial Service administrator, historian and anthropologist.
Yorktown is an unincorporated community in Tuscarawas County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Pollen is the sixth studio album by the musical duo Tennis, released via their own label Mutually Detrimental on February 10, 2023. It was preceded by the singles "One Night with the Valet", "Let's Make a Mistake Tonight", and "Forbidden Doors". The album received acclaim from critics.
Boulevard is a 1976 album by Canadian singer-songwriter Murray McLauchlan.
Pineapple Express is a 2008 American buddy stoner action comedy film directed by David Gordon Green, written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg and starring Rogen and James Franco alongside Gary Cole, Rosie Perez and Danny McBride. The plot centers on a process server and his marijuana dealer as they are forced to flee from hitmen and a corrupt police officer after witnessing them commit a murder. Producer Judd Apatow, who previously worked with Rogen and Goldberg on Knocked Up and Superbad, assisted in developing the story.
Columbia Pictures released the film on August 6, 2008, and grossed $102 million worldwide on a $26 million budget. The film received generally positive reviews from critics and has since developed a cult following. Franco was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his performance.


Methylibium petroleiphilum is a species of methyl tert-butyl ether-degrading methylotroph, the type species of its genus. It is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, motile, non-pigmented, facultative aerobe, with type strain PM1T (=ATCC BAA-1232T =LMG 22953T).
Alex Beard (born 1970)  is an American artist born in New York City who is now based out of New Orleans. His work ranges from simple and representational to abstract. He frequently draws and paints African wildlife.


The Debtors (Scotland) Act 1838 (1 & 2 Vict. c. 114), sometimes the Personal Diligence Act, was an act of Parliament in the United Kingdom, signed into law on 16 August 1838. It amended the law of Scotland in matters relating to personal diligence - how the person or property of a debtor could be secured – arrestments and poindings (pronounced pindings). The effect was to simplify the form of proceedings and reduce their expense.
Jeannine Hall Gailey (born April 30, 1973) is an American poet. She has published six books of poetry and two books of non-fiction. Her work focuses on pop culture, science and science fiction, fairy tales, and mythology.
Mangelia vulgata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
This is a taxon inquirendum.
Lechovo is a historic village on the Kastoria–Amyndaio road, near the Kleissoura pass. In 1977, the Prophet Elijah Association of Lehovites started to collect artefacts of folk culture and ecclesiastical objects and to put together its folklore collection. Since 1980, the collection has been housed in a renovated historic building just off the main square, which is now the Lehovo Folklore Museum. The purpose of the museum is to preserve the traditions and the history of the village, which is why all the exhibits come from Lehovo itself.
The museum has many noteworthy ecclesiastical exhibits, most notably an altar door from the Church of Agia Paraskevi (1760), an icon of St Demetrios with twelve smaller representations, an icon of the Virgin Mary and Christ from the Church of Agios Demetrios (1763), an icon of St Constantine and St Helen from the same church (1600), and an icon of Elijah (16th century). There are also ecclesiastical accessories, such as silver banners, gospels (1776, 1860), an antimension (1840), two chalices (1862, 1890), menaia printed in Venice in 1680 and 1860, part of a chancel screen (17th century), and several chancel-screen icons.
Apart from the ecclesiastical exhibits, visitors may see traditional women's costumes, both for official occasions and for everyday wear, a shepherd's cape of waterproof goat's hair, belt-buckles for the local costumes and for priests, and weaponry used during the Macedonian Struggle. There are also tools of various local trades, such as stoneworking, tailoring, farriery, and shoemaking. The museum has a classic loom, woven textiles, a low round table, and domestic utensils and appliances.
Stony Brook University is the largest residential campus in the State University of New York system, with approximately 54.5% of its students living on campus. Housing at Stony Brook is issued and controlled by Stony Brook University Campus Residences, which provides 9,445 spaces in its 11 corridor style buildings, 19 suite style buildings, and 23 apartment style buildings to Undergraduate students, Graduate students, and students' families.  The large majority of on-campus housing is provided to students on the university's west campus, but housing is available to those on east campus, and for Stony Brook Southampton students.
Campus residences is tied to Stony Brook's Undergraduate Colleges initiative in order to provide a better residential experience for the undergraduate community, especially for those in their first year.  As such, the placement of all first year undergraduates and transfers is based on their Undergraduate College assignment  (based on student interest, not major). Graduate students are not placed in the same manner, and are instead assigned housing based on preference and availability of space.
Souleymane Diawara (born 24 December 1978) is a Senegalese former professional footballer who played as a defender. He spent most of his career in France, playing for Le Havre, Sochaux, Bordeaux, Marseille and OGC Nice, apart from a brief stint at Charlton Athletic. At the international level, he represented Senegal.
Mike Mangan may refer to:

Mike Mangan (rugby union) (born 1975), former American rugby union player
Mike Mangan (musician), American musician
Nai River (Chinese: 奈河; pinyin: Nài Hé) or River Null is a river in Tai'an, Shandong Province, China. It merges into Dawen River, then empties into Dongping Lake. The river flows through the city of Taian.
Adam's Family Tree is a British children's television comedy programme that was first broadcast on 6 January 1997 and ran until 19 February 1999. The show was broadcast on CITV, the children's segment of ITV. The show was filmed in Yorkshire and ran for three series and 20 episodes.
The premise of the show was that 12-year-old Adam was able to call upon his ancestors from throughout history to help him solve everyday problems. The title character was played by Anthony Lewis for the first two series, before the role was taken over by Alex Cooke.
Khojorni (Georgian: ხოჯორნი) is a village in Georgia’s Kvemo Kartli region with the population of 635. It had 842 inhabitants in 2002.
This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekly box office in Turkey during 2016. The weeks start on Fridays, and finish on Thursdays. The box-office number one is established in terms of tickets sold during the week.
Kepler-90h (also known by its Kepler Object of Interest designation KOI-351.01) is an exoplanet orbiting within the habitable zone of the early G-type main sequence star Kepler-90, the outermost of eight such planets discovered by NASA's Kepler spacecraft. It is located about 2,840 light-years (870 parsecs), from Earth in the constellation Draco. The exoplanet was found by using the transit method, in which the dimming effect that a planet causes as it crosses in front of its star is measured.


Brian Wilson (born 30 September 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Early in his career, he played in the centre and later became a forward pocket. At Melbourne he developed into an aggressive player, winning possessions in packs and showed great handballing skills.
Believed to be the only player to have won a Brownlow Medal at his third club. At 20 years of age, he was also the youngest winner since Bob Skilton in 1959.
Pisac District is one of eight districts of the province Calca in Peru.
Rosemary Sayigh (née: Boxer; born 1927) is a British-born journalist and scholar of Middle Eastern history. She is known for her works on the Palestinian people, particularly those forcibly displaced to Lebanon as a result of the Nakba.
Punchline is a supervillain who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the supervillain The Joker. Created by James Tynion IV and Jorge Jiménez, she first appears in Batman (vol. 3) #89 (April 2020), during the Joker War story arc.
The Lăpugiu is a right tributary of the river Valea Mare in Romania. It flows into the Valea Mare in Lăpugiu de Jos. Its length is 12 km (7.5 mi) and its basin size is 27 km2 (10 sq mi).
Marco Guidone (born 17 May 1986) is an Italian football forward who plays for Serie D club Clivense.


Thorsby is a town in Chilton County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the town was 2,064.


The Stadium District is a neighborhood of the north end of Tacoma, Washington, USA. It is named after Stadium High School, a historic landmark.
The district is located between the North Slope residential neighborhood and the Stadium Business District and the Hilltop neighborhood further to the south.  The area shares more in common with Tacoma's downtown owing to its urban nature and large population of apartment-dwelling working class residents. The area consists primarily of single family homes, apartment & condominium buildings, some with views of Commencement Bay.
Edmundo Monteiro (São Paulo, June 11, 1917 – September 7, 1996) was a Brazilian journalist. He was a collaborator of Assis Chateaubriand, executive director of Diários Associados and president of the São Paulo Art Museum. He also had a period in politics, holding the position of federal deputy for São Paulo between 1967 and 1971.
Revolutionary Army of the Infant Jesus is an experimental music collective that was formed in Liverpool, England in 1985 by Dave Seddon, Jon Egan, and Sue and Paul Boyce, who were soon joined by Leslie Hampson. Their name is a reference to the terrorist group in Luis Buñuel's final film, That Obscure Object of Desire.
The group's music is a blend of folk and sacred music, industrial and ambient sounds, and samples that has drawn comparisons to neofolk artists like Current 93 and Death in June, as well as artists including Dead Can Dance, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Henryk Górecki, and Arvo Pärt. The group incorporates Christian imagery and symbolism into their music, and specifically draws inspiration from the Eastern Church, especially its use of icons. In concert, the group incorporates multimedia and film clips from directors like Andrei Tarkovsky into their performances, as well as ritual movements and field recordings.
The group's first two albums -- The Gift of Tears (1987) and Mirror (1990) -- were released on the Probe Plus label, as were two EPs, La Liturgie Pour La Fin Du Temps (1994) and Paradis (1995). After a long hiatus, the group's recordings were reissued in 2013 in a collection titled After the End, which was released by the French label Infrastition. The band then released a new album titled Beauty Will Save the World in 2015 on Occultation Recordings. The Gift of Tears and Mirror have also been reissued, in 2015 and 2017, respectively.
A new album, Songs of Yearning was released on Occultation Recordings in June 2020, along with a second, limited edition, album titled Nocturnes. The first RAIJ single, I Carry the Sun/Falling (full-length), was released on 13 March 2020, again on Occultation.
Aleksander Jagiełło (born 2 February 1995 in Warsaw) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a winger.
Specklinia guanacastensis is a species of orchid plant native to Costa Rica.
Gristhorpe is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough 
district of North Yorkshire, England. According to the 2011 UK census, Gristhorpe parish had a population of 397, an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 386.

The remains of Gristhorpe Man, now on display in the Rotunda Museum, Scarborough, were found buried in a tree trunk in Gristhorpe in the 19th century.
Gristhorpe railway station on the Yorkshire Coast Line from Hull to Scarborough served the village until it closed on 16 February 1959.
The village main street features a small privately owned church, constructed of corrugated steel sheeting and a village public house, named "The Bull Inn".
The entrance to the village was previously dominated by Dale Power Solutions generator manufacturing plant. Established in 1935 by Leonard Dale, it provided standby power services and products for a wide range of applications. The plant was demolished in late 2019 and in early 2020 a new housing development was begun.  (This is still in the early construction stage, May 2020)
Uruguay competes at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics from 15–23 August in Berlin.
The Gettysburg Springs Hotel was a popular tourist site located on the Gettysburg Battlefield, near the area where the first day of combat took place during the American Civil War. The hotel was situated on the east side of Herr Ridge, at the western terminus of the Gettysburg Spring Railroad, and close to the Katalysine Springs.
The 2000 NCAA Division I softball tournament was held 18 through May 29, 2000, as the final part of the 2000 NCAA Division I softball season. The tournament culminated with the 2000 Women's College World Series at USA Softball Hall of Fame Stadium in Oklahoma City.
Sidesurf is the term given to roller skaters or inline skaters who skate by placing their heels facing each other but separated by roughly shoulder width. In the sidesurf position, a straight line can be drawn through both heels and toes with the toes pointing away from each other. The motion is similar to being on a snow board however the toes are both turned outwards. Another term used for sidesurfing is "crabbing," as this is similar to the perpendicular style in which a crab moves.
Sidesurfing may be done while skating down hills, just like snowboarding, finding natural side hits because gravity naturally accelerates the skater. However, sidesurfers can learn to propel themselves forwards by rotating their hips from side to side while pushing their skates perpendicular to their direction of motion. It is also used in a variety of other roller skating sports, ranging from roller derby to vertical (aggressive and park) skating.  Initially, sidesurfing is quite hard and a lot of practice is required, starting with groin stretches.
A more advanced version of the sidesurf is called the Sidesurf Royale also known as the Heel-heel side Surf. This is a modification of the sidesurf move where the blader sidesurfs with his or her toes off the ground.
There are claims that sidesurf stance was used for slalom cone skating in the early 70's, and that Kenny Means was the first to popularize the style of skating.
Turkaili is an Indian village in Araria district, Bihar State.
José Ramón Tebar Sáiz (November 6, 1978, Valencia, Spain) is a conductor and pianist, currently Principal Conductor at Florida Grand Opera. He is Artistic Director of Opera Naples. He was Music Director of the Festival of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic (2009-2015). In March 2015, he was named Principal Guest Conductor of Spain's Palau de les Arts Reina Sofia.
The Daimler Conquest is an automobile which was produced by The Daimler Company Limited in the United Kingdom from 1953 to 1958. Based on the Lanchester Fourteen, the Conquest replaced the Daimler Consort. Sales were affected by increasing prices and by the fuel shortage caused by the Suez Crisis, and production ended by January 1958, before a replacement model was in production.
Jean Dornal de Guy (French pronunciation: [ʒɑ̃ dɔʁnal də ɡi]; 13 October 1771 in Urrugne – 10 May 1855 in Saint Jean de Luz) was a French naval officer.
Valor, valour, or valorous may mean:

Courage, a similar meaning
Virtue ethics, roughly "courage in defense of a noble cause"
The School of Culinary Arts, Hospitality and Tourism is a four-year public high school in Paterson in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, operated as part of the Paterson Public Schools. It is one of a number of academy programs serving students in ninth through twelfth grades based at the Eastside High School campus.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 653 students and 49.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.3:1. There were 395 students (60.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 8 (1.2% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Chalk Farm is a small urban district of north west London, lying immediately north of Camden Town, in the London Borough of Camden.
Littmann is a surname. Notable people with the name include:

Corny Littmann (born 1952), German entrepreneur, entertainer, and theater owner
David Littmann (1906–1981), German-American cardiologist
Ellen Littmann (1909-1975), Jewish writer
Enno Littmann (1875–1958), German orientalist
Max Littmann (1862–1931), German architect
Heilmann & Littmann
HMS Subtle was a S-class submarine of the third batch built for the Royal Navy during World War II. She survived the war and was scrapped in 1959.
The RPG-28 Klyukva ("Cranberry") is a Russian handheld anti-tank rocket launcher.
Lindquist Island is an island in Queensland, Australia. It is within the locality of Cowley Beach in Cassowary Coast Region. It forms part of the Cowley Beach Training Area military base.


The 1988–89 season was Nottingham Forest's 124th year in existence and 13th consecutive season in the First Division. Also the club competed in the FA Cup and League Cup.
One for One may refer to: 

One for One (Andrew Hill album), 1975
One for One (Julian Austin album), 2009
One for one, a social entrepreneurship business model
Wurzelpeter is a Kräuterlikör-type liqueur produced in Germany. It is flavoured with a variety of herbs, bark, and roots: its name references the latter (Wurzel in the German language).
The United Democrats - Association of Independents (Czech: Spojení demokraté - Sdružení nezávislých, SD-SN) is a small Czech extra-parliamentary political party, formed from what remained of the European Democrats (Czech: Evropští demokraté) after that party's merger in 2006 with SNK Union of Independents to form SNK European Democrats.
SD-SN has in the past cooperated with the Mayors and Independents in the Czech Senate. For the 2024 European Parliament election, the party was a member of the Stačilo! alliance, together with the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia (KSČM) and the Czech National Social Party (ČSNS), and had one Member of the European Parliament (MEP) elected.
Bisoctrizole (INN/USAN, marketed by BASF as Tinosorb M, by DSM Nutritional Products as Parsol Max , by Everlight Chemical as Eversorb M, and by MPI as Milestab 360, INCI methylene bis-benzotriazolyl tetramethylbutylphenol) is a phenolic benzotriazole that is added to sunscreens to absorb UV rays. It is a broad-spectrum ultraviolet radiation absorber, absorbing UVB as well as UVA rays.  It also reflects and scatters UV. 
Bisoctrizole is what is termed is a hybrid UV absorber, which has been described as an organic UV filter produced in microfine organic particles (< 200 nm), like microfine zinc oxide and titanium dioxide. Where other organic UV absorbers dissolved in either the oily or aqueous phases, bisoctrizole dissolves poorly in both.
Hence, bisoctrizole is formulated in sunscreen preparations as a 50% suspension,  the absorber added to the water phase, and mineral micropigments usually added to the oil phase. The bisoctrizole particles are stabilized by the surfactant decyl glucoside. The compound shows very little photodegradation, and has a stabilizing effect on other UV absorbers, octyl methoxycinnamate (octinoxate) in particular.
In primary research reports, bisoctrizole has been reported to minimally penetrate skin, and has been described as lacking estrogenic effects in vitro.
Bisoctrizole has not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), but is approved in the EU and other parts of the world.
PMDA may refer to:

Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, a Japanese governmental organization, similar in function to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the US
Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement, an agreement between the United States and Russia signed in 2000
Pyromellitic dianhydride, an organic compound (an Isobenzofuran)
Edward René David Goldsmith (8 November 1928 – 21 August 2009), widely known as Teddy Goldsmith, was an Anglo-French environmentalist, writer and philosopher.
He was a member of the prominent Goldsmith family, the eldest son of Major Frank Goldsmith, and elder brother of the financier James Goldsmith. Edward Goldsmith was also the founding editor and publisher of The Ecologist. Known for his outspoken views opposing industrial society and economic development, he expressed a strong sympathy for the ways and values of traditional peoples.
He co-authored the influential A Blueprint for Survival with Robert Allen, becoming a founding member of the political party "People" (later renamed the Green Party), itself largely inspired by the Blueprint. Goldsmith's more conservative view of environmentalism put him at odds with socialist currents of thought which came to dominate within the Green Party. 
A deep ecologist and systems theorist, Goldsmith was an early proponent of the Gaia hypothesis, having previously developed a similar cybernetic concept of a self-regulating biosphere.
A talented after-dinner speaker and raconteur, Goldsmith was an articulate spokesman and campaigner, receiving a number of awards for his work protecting the natural world and highlighting the importance and plight of indigenous peoples, including an honorary Right Livelihood Award and the Chevalier de la Legion d'Honneur.


St. Ignatius of Loyola College (Spanish: Colegio San Ignacio de Loyola) is a private Catholic primary and secondary school with middle school technical training, located on Las Palmas, in Gran Canaria, in the autonomous community of the Canary Islands, Spain. The school was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1917, and has grown to cover infant through baccalaureate and middle technical training.
The school is located in the old part of the city. It accommodates from first year of infant education through baccalaureate and professional training of middle degree.


Valenbisi is the name of a bicycle sharing system in Valencia inaugurated on June 21, 2010. It is similar to the Vélo'v service in Lyon or Vélib' in Paris, and using the same bicycles and stations as used in Dublin, Vienna, and Brussels. Its purpose is to cover the small and medium daily routes within the city in a climate-friendly way, eliminating the pollution, roadway noise, and traffic congestion that motor vehicles create.
Vicky Mary Osgood (1953 – 23 March 2017) was a British obstetrician and medical educator. She was a consultant in maternal–fetal medicine at Portsmouth, then dean of postgraduate medical education within the Wessex Deanery, and finally director of education and standards for the General Medical Council.
Severny (Russian: Северный) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Susolovskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 464 as of 2002. There are 10 streets.
Oberkirchen may refer to:
Arm na Poblachta (ANP) (meaning in English "Army of the Republic") is the name of a small, dissident, Irish-republican paramilitary group believed to have been founded in 2017.
Dovetail is an album by saxophonist Lee Konitz's Terzet, recorded in 1983 and released on the Sunnyside label.
The State Parliament of Bremen (Bremische Bürgerschaft, lit. 'Bremish Citizenry'  or 'Citizenry of Bremen') is the legislative branch of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen in Germany. The state parliament elects the members of the Senate (executive), exercises oversight of the executive, and passes legislation. It currently consists of 87 members from six parties. The current majority is a coalition of the Social Democratic Party, Alliance 90/The Greens and The Left, supporting Mayor and Senate president Andreas Bovenschulte. The 72 delegates of the city of Bremen also form the Stadtbürgerschaft (the local parliament of the city), while Bremerhaven has its own local parliament.
Amela Fetahović (17 April 1986 – 4 November 2021) was a Bosnian footballer who played as a midfielder for Serbian side Spartak Subotica and in the Bosnian League for SFK Sarajevo. With SFK Sarajevo, she played in the Champions League. She was a member of the Bosnian national team.
In geometry, there are seven uniform and uniform dual polyhedra named as ditrigonal.
Harold Willers (born September 2, 1958) is a Canadian former athlete who specialised in the hammer throw.
A Victoria, British Columbia native, Willers attended Claremont Secondary School and took up the hammer throw as a varsity athlete at Simon Fraser University, where he set a record throw of 67.28 m and won three NAIA titles.
Willers was the Canadian national hammer throw champion every year from 1981 to 1984. He featured in two editions of the Commonwealth Games, with his best placing sixth in Brisbane in 1982. At the 1983 Pan American Games in Caracas, Willers claimed a silver medal, behind Cuban Genovevo Morejón.
For over 30 years, Willers was a throwing coach with the Valley Royals Track & Field Club in Abbotsford. He won Athletics Canada's Development Coach of the Year award in 2018 and trained 2024 Olympic finalist Rowan Hamilton.
JIA or Jia may refer to
The Abu Alkian (Arabic: alhomran, Hebrew: אבו-אלקיעאן) is a tribe living in the Negev desert in southern Israel.
Adam DiMarco is a Canadian actor. He has played recurring roles in the Syfy series The Magicians (2016–2020) and the Netflix series The Order (2019–2020). In 2022, he starred in the second season of the HBO series The White Lotus.
The 1760s (pronounced "seventeen-sixties") was a decade of the Gregorian calendar that began on January 1, 1760, and ended on December 31, 1769.
Marked by great upheavals on culture, technology, and diplomacy, the 1760s was a transitional decade that effectively brought on the modern era from Baroqueism. The Seven Years' War – arguably the most widespread conflict of its time – carried trends of imperialism outside of European reaches, where it would head on to countless territories (mainly in Asia and Africa) for decades to come under colonialism.
Whitstable Museum is a heritage centre in Whitstable, Kent, with Invicta, one of the world's oldest steam engines, the history of the local oyster trade and historical diving equipment.
Thomas J. Hillery (November 18, 1871 – January 14, 1920) was an American lawyer and politician from New Jersey.
Wadi Al-Habali (Arabic: وادي الحبالي) is a sub-district located in al-Saddah District, Ibb Governorate, Yemen. Wadi Al-Habali had a population of 4964 according to the 2004 census.
Teleritmo (alternately known as TLR) is a network of Spanish language television stations primarily concentrated in northeastern Mexico and the southwestern United States. The system is part of Grupo Multimedios. The flagship station of Teleritmo is XHSAW-TDT located in Monterrey, Nuevo León. Programming features Mexican regional music and music appeal variety programming.
Cairo University (Arabic: جامعة القاهرة, romanized: Jāmiʿat al-Qāhira) is Egypt's premier public university. Its main campus is in Giza, immediately across the Nile from Cairo. It was founded on 21 December 1908; after being housed in various parts of Cairo, its faculties, beginning with the Faculty of Arts, were established on its current main campus in Giza in October 1929.
The university was known as the Egyptian University from 1908 to 1940, and King Fuad I University and Fu'ād al-Awwal University from 1940 to 1952. The university is the second oldest institution of higher education in Egypt after Al-Azhar University, notwithstanding the pre-existing higher professional schools that later became constituent colleges of the university.
The university was founded and funded as the Egyptian University by a committee of private citizens with royal patronage in 1908 and became a state institution under King Fuad I in 1925. In 1940, four years following his death, the university was renamed King Fuad I University in his honor. It was renamed a second time after the 1952 Egyptian Revolution. The university currently enrolls approximately 155,000 students in 20 faculties and 3 institutions. It counts three Nobel Laureates among its graduates and is one of the 50 largest institutions of higher education in the world by enrollment.
Wyoming station is a SEPTA subway stop in Philadelphia. It serves the Broad Street Line and is located in the Logan neighborhood of North Philadelphia at 4700 North Broad Street and Wyoming Avenue. This is a local station, and thus has four tracks, with only the outer two being served. There are separate fare control areas for the northbound and southbound platforms, and no crossover exists.
Amelia Anne Stewart, Marchioness of Londonderry (née Hobart; 20 February 1772 – 12 February 1829), nicknamed "Emily" and, from 1794 until 1821 generally known as Lady Castlereagh (UK: ), was the wife of the Georgian-era Anglo-Irish statesman Robert Stewart, Viscount Castlereagh, who from 1812 to 1822 was British Foreign Secretary and Leader of the House of Commons. Well-connected by birth to the aristocracy and wife of a prominent politician who was Britain's leading diplomat during the close of the Napoleonic Wars, Lady Castlereagh was an influential member of Regency London's high society.
Olivella dama is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Olivellinae, in the family Olividae, the olives.  Species in the genus Olivella are commonly called dwarf olives.
Crèvecœur-en-Auge (French pronunciation: [kʁɛvkœʁ ɑ̃.n‿oʒ] , literally Crèvecœur in Auge) is a former commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Mézidon Vallée d'Auge. Crèvecœur-en-Auge is twinned with Newton Poppleford in Devon, United Kingdom.
Riots occurred in St. Petersburg, Florida, in 1996 following the shooting and death of an unarmed African American male teenage motorist during a police traffic stop.


Rhus taitensis is a small tree or shrub in the mango family Anacardiaceae. It is found from tropical Asia, to Australia and many islands of the Pacific Ocean. The chemical tetrahydroxysqualene from dried and ground parts of R. taitensis has in vitro activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and the plant has been used in folk medicine locally to treat diarrhea and hearing loss.
Ferenc Dózsa (born 6 October 1967) is a Hungarian rower. He competed in the men's quadruple sculls event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Anomalous experiences, such as so-called benign hallucinations, may occur in a person in a state of good mental and physical health, even in the apparent absence of a transient trigger factor such as fatigue, intoxication or sensory deprivation.
The evidence for this statement has been accumulating for more than a century. Studies of benign hallucinatory experiences go back to 1886 and the early work of the Society for Psychical Research, which suggested approximately 10% of the population had experienced at least one hallucinatory episode in the course of their life. More recent studies have validated these findings; the precise incidence found varies with the nature of the episode and the criteria of "hallucination" adopted, but the basic finding is now well-supported.


Share of Voice in advertising is a measurement model within advertising. Share of voice measures the percentage of media spending by a company compared to the total media expenditure for the product, service, or category in the market. For example, if an electronics brand were to invest $5,000,000 advertising their latest e-reader, but $100,000,000 worth of advertising was spent advertising e-readers across the entire market for this shared category, then the 5 million dollar investment would equal a 5% share of voice.
Share of Voice can be calculated by taking your advertising spend and dividing it by the total of all market advertising spend for the same type of product or category. 
Share of Voice is used to "represent the relative portion of ad inventory available to a single advertiser within a defined market over a specified time period."
Lowell Park is a municipal park located along the Rock River in northern Dixon, Illinois. The city acquired the land for the park in 1906, when Carlotta Lowell donated the land to commemorate her parents' lives. Lowell recruited the Olmsted Brothers, a nationally prominent architecture firm formed by the sons of Frederick Law Olmsted, to provide a design for the park; their design emphasized the park's natural scenery by ensuring that its manmade features complemented rather than distracted from it. The park opened to the public in 1907, though its original plan was not fully completed until 1942. It served as a forerunner to state parks, and according to the Dixon Evening Telegraph, it remained the only park of its kind in the region as late as the 1930s. In addition, the park preserves one of the few remaining segments of the Boles Trail, which ran from Peoria to Galena.
The park was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 8, 2006.


Eric A. Johnson is a microbiologist and an academic. He is a retired Professor of Bacteriology from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, serving from 1985 to 2020.
Johnson, most known for his research on Clostridium botulinum and its neurotoxins in food and industrial microbiology, has developed physiochemical-based methods for basic and applied research of Clostridium botulinum and botulinum neurotoxins. His laboratory is among the few US facilities for botulism studies. Together with his mentor Edward J. Schantz, he developed and produced the first FDA-approved batch of botox for human treatment.
Johnson is a Fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology and has been a member of numerous professional organizations. He served as a Member of the NIH study panel for bioterrorism-related research proposals and contributed to two NIH-NIAD review panels, namely Small Business: Infectious Diseases and Microbiology and Bacterial Biodefense. In addition, he served as the Editor for Applied and Environmental Microbiology and participated in the CDC program for bioterrorism preparedness. He was appointed as the ASM Waksman Foundation for Microbiology Lecturer and received the Educator Award from the International Association for Food Protection as well as the Society for Industrial Microbiology Waksman Outstanding Educator Award.
Pomaderris hamiltonii is a species of plant in the family Rhamnaceae. It is endemic to New Zealand. Commonly known as kūmarahou or pale flowered kūmarahou because of its pale brown flowers.
Thomas Edgar Underhill FRSE FRCSE (1854 – 8 May 1917) was a 19th/20th century English physician and surgeon. He was an expert on Gorham's disease and spontaneous fractures.
Edgar Robert Moline (2 January 1855 – 16 December 1943) was an Anglo-Austrian born in the Austrian Empire to a British father and an Austrian mother. He moved as a child to England and played first-class cricket for Gloucestershire briefly in 1878. Moline was born in Laibach, then in Austria, but now named Ljubljana and part of Slovenia. Together with his brothers Charles Moline, who played cricket for Cambridge, and Frank Moline, who played for Clifton and Bristol Grammar School, he moved to England.
A right-hand bat, Moline played for an invitational XI at the behest of WG Grace in 1877, scoring two and 38. He also made zero and nine against South Wales Cricket Club in 1880. His two first-class matches for Gloucestershire came against Yorkshire and Sussex in July and August 1878 respectively. He scored thirty-one runs in total, with a batting average of 10.33. Moline also bowled underarm right-arm slow, but he was not called upon to bowl in his first-class career. He died in Lynton, Devon.
The statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Gandhi Maidan, Patna, is a public monument of India's father of Nation Mahatma Gandhi. The statue is the world's tallest bronze statue of Mahatma Gandhi. It was unveiled on 15 February 2013 by the then chief minister of Bihar, Nitish Kumar. It was established by Government of Bihar at a cost of ₹35 crore. The second tallest Gandhi statue turuvanur Chitradurga taluk and district karnataka
Prismatic was a social news curation and discovery application for various Web browsers and mobile devices running iOS. It combined machine learning, user experience design, and interaction design to create a new way to discover, consume, and share media. Prismatic software used social network aggregation and machine learning algorithms to filter the content that aligns with the interests of a specific user. Prismatic integrated with Facebook, Twitter, and Pocket to gather information about user's interests and suggest the most relevant stories to read.
Prismatic initially launched in 2012 for Web browsers and the iPhone, followed by the release of an iPad app on December 19, 2013.
On December 20, 2015 the company closed its consumer-facing apps and focused on offering its machine learning algorithms to publishers and hedge funds.
Prismatic was produced by Prismatic, Inc., a United-States-based software company founded in 2010 by Bradford Cross and Aria Haghighi and headquartered in San Francisco, California.
Bobrówka [bɔˈbrufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laszki, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Laszki, 14 km (9 mi) east of Jarosław, and 62 km (39 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.


Carl Friedrich Echtermeier, also known as Carl Echtermeier or Karl Echtermeyer, (27 October 1845 - 30 July 1910) was a German sculptor.
The Severnaya Railway (Северная железная дорога; "Northern Railway") is a railway network linking Moscow with Arkhangelsk on the coast of the Arctic Ocean. It runs through Arkhangelsk, Komi, Vologda, Kostroma, Yaroslavl, Ivanovo, and Vladimir regions of the Russian Federation.
Northern Railway counts its age from 15 September 1868 when its first part, Shuya-Ivanovo Railway connecting Ivanovo, Shuya and Novki, was opened.
The Yaroslavl Railway, owned by Savva Mamontov, was one of the first railways in Russia. The Alexandrov–Yaroslavl–Vologda line was opened in 1872. There are several monuments to Savva Mamontov along the road. The original Moscow–Yaroslavl Mainline is no longer operated from Yaroslavl; it was transferred to the Moscow Railway in 1959.
For other uses: Antotohazo (disambiguation)

Antotohazo  is a town in Analamanga Region, in the  Central Highlands of Madagascar, located north-west from the capital of Antananarivo.
Diarsia stictica is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in India, western China and Borneo.
Canarium megalanthum is a tree in the family Burseraceae. The specific epithet megalanthum is from the Greek meaning 'large flower'.
Leonard Bawtree (January 7, 1924 – June 7, 2014) was a Canadian politician. He served in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1975 to 1979, as a Social Credit member for the constituency of Shuswap.
Meridian High School may refer to:
Albertine Badenberg (29 December 1865 – 20 April 1958) was a teacher and a feminist activist. She later became involved with mainstream politics (Centre Party), sitting as a member of the Prussian parliament ("Landtag") between 1924 and its abolition in 1933.


The Selwyn River (Māori: Waikirikiri, officially gazetted as Selwyn River / Waikirikiri) flows through the Selwyn District of Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand.
Limmer Holdings was a major contracting business based in London.
Robert J. Cohen (born 1948) is the Executive Director of the Legal Aid Society of Orange County.
William Boakye Akoto is a Ghanaian Politician and a member of the Third Parliament of the Fourth Republic of Ghana representing the Birim North Constituency in the Eastern Region.
Miller is an unincorporated community located in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.
Ham is a railway station located in the commune of Muille-Villette near Ham in the Somme department, France.  The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains from Amiens to Laon and to Saint-Quentin.
Horned chub may refer to:

Semotilus atromaculatus, a small minnow, a freshwater fish found in the eastern US and Canada
Hornyhead chub (Nocomis biguttatus), a small species of minnow in the northern central USA to Canada
Crossing the Line Again was a professional wrestling event held by the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States-based professional wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) on February 1, 1997. The commentator for the event was Joey Styles. The title of the event referenced the 1994 ECW event The Night the Line Was Crossed.
Crossing the Line Again saw the debut of Lance Storm in ECW, along with the creation of the tag team the Dudley Boyz, and "Dr Death" Steve Williams sustaining his first defeat in the United States in over 10 years. Several matches from Crossing the Line Again were broadcast on episodes #198 and #199 of ECW Hardcore TV on February 6 and 13, 1997. The full event was released on VHS and DVD in 2002.
Music Kickup is a cloud based record label for artists. The service was initially launched as Music Kickstarter, but it soon changed its name to Music KickUp. It is a community platform for musicians and music industry, to create, collaborate, and support their art. It allows to commercially publish any and everything they create, while retaining all rights.
Kotliska [kɔˈtliska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kutno and 50 km (31 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.
"You're a Wonderful One" is a popular recording written by Holland–Dozier–Holland and recorded and released as a single by Marvin Gaye, released in 1964 on the Tamla label. It charted at #15 on the Billboard Hot 100.
In the song, the narrator praises his "wonderful one" for loving him and for "always (being) around" him.  Gaye is helped along on this song by The Supremes on background. The group had earlier backed him on "Can I Get a Witness". Musically, The Funk Brothers took elements of Chuck Berry's "Memphis" single and incorporated it into the intro of this song. The song eventually charted at number fifteen on the pop charts and number three on the R&B singles chart.
Billboard described the song as "another stomper somewhat in the 'Can I Get a Witness' vein," stating that it "pumps along on middle tempo with fine, shouting chorus in support."  Cash Box described it as "an engaging romancer...that moves along at a steady driving, thump-a-rhythmic beat" with a "sensational job by Marvin and his combo-choral support."
It was produced by Holland–Dozier–Holland, who worked with Gaye on "Witness" and later "How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved by You)" by Gaye a few months later giving him his biggest success as a solo artist until "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" in 1968.


The Division of Mayo is an Australian electoral division located to the east and south of Adelaide, South Australia. Created in the state redistribution of 3 September 1984, the division is named after Helen Mayo, a social activist and the first woman elected to an Australian University Council. The 9,315 km2 rural seat covers an area from the Barossa Valley in the north to Cape Jervis in the south. Taking in the Adelaide Hills, Fleurieu Peninsula and Kangaroo Island regions, its largest population centre is Mount Barker. Its other population centres are Aldgate, Bridgewater, Littlehampton, McLaren Vale,  Nairne, Stirling, Strathalbyn and Victor Harbor, and its smaller localities include American River, Ashbourne, Balhannah, Brukunga, Carrickalinga, Charleston, Cherry Gardens, Clarendon, Crafers, Cudlee Creek, Currency Creek, Delamere, Echunga, Forreston, Goolwa, Gumeracha, Hahndorf, Houghton, Inglewood, Kersbrook, Kingscote, Langhorne Creek, Lobethal, Macclesfield, McLaren Flat, Meadows, Middleton, Milang, Mount Compass, Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, Mylor, Myponga, Normanville, Norton Summit, Oakbank, Penneshaw, Piccadilly, Port Elliot, Second Valley, Springton, Summertown, Uraidla, Willunga, Woodchester, Woodside, Yankalilla, and parts of Birdwood, Old Noarlunga and Upper Sturt.
The Bratislava–Brno offensive was an offensive conducted by the Red Army in western Slovak Republic and south Moravia towards the end of World War II. The offensive was held between 25 March and 5 May 1945 using the forces of the 2nd Ukrainian Front to capture the capital of Slovakia, Bratislava, and the capital of Moravia, Brno.
Jane Jennings was an American actress known for playing older motherly characters.
In a 1918 edition of Motion Picture News she is described as a sweet looking little woman. Famous Players was one of the studios where she worked. She is on the cover of the sheet music for That Wonderful Mother of Mine (1918). By the 1925 film Self Defense, she had played 178 mother roles in films.
Consider This is a daily afternoon news podcast by the American media organization NPR, which typically releases new episodes Sunday through Friday around 5 p.m. ET.
Bulbophyllum trichorhachis is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum (Section Section Hybochilus ), which is native to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia. 
It was described as a new species in 2003.
Reverend Benjamin Godwin (10 October 1785 – 20 February 1871)  was a Baptist clergyman, abolitionist and activist. He was a pastor at Dartmouth, Great Missenden, Bradford, and Oxford as well as a teacher of classics. He became involved in debates on the ethics of slavery and a schism in the Baptist missionary community. Godwin's writing's are an interesting source as he wrote 58 letters to his son to record his autobiography. Godwin's son and his grandson were Mayors of Bradford.
Aarhus (, US also , Danish: [ˈɒːˌhuˀs] ; officially spelled Århus from 1948 until 1 January 2011) is the second-largest city in Denmark and the seat of Aarhus Municipality. It is located on the eastern shore of Jutland in the Kattegat sea and approximately 187 kilometres (116 mi) northwest of Copenhagen.
Dating back to the late 8th century, Aarhus was founded as a harbour settlement at the mouth of the Aarhus River and quickly became a trade hub. The first Christian church was built here around the year 900 and later in the Viking Age the town was fortified with defensive ramparts. The bishopric of Aarhus grew steadily stronger and more prosperous, building several religious institutions in the town during the early Middle Ages. Trade continued to improve, although it was not until 1441 that Aarhus was granted market town privileges, and the population of Aarhus remained relatively stable until the 19th century. The city began to grow significantly as trade prospered in the mid-18th century, but not until the mid-19th century did the Industrial Revolution bring real growth in population. The first railway line in Jutland was built here in 1862. In 1928, the first university in Jutland was founded in Aarhus and today it is a university city and the largest centre for trade, services, industry, and tourism in Jutland.
Aarhus Cathedral is the longest cathedral in Denmark with a total length of 93 m (305 ft). The Church of our Lady (Vor Frue Kirke) was originally built in 1060, making it the oldest stone church in Scandinavia. The City Hall, designed by Arne Jacobsen and Erik Møller, was completed in 1941 in a modern Functionalist style. Aarhus Theatre, the largest provincial theatre in Denmark, opposite the cathedral on Bispetorvet, was built by Hack Kampmann in the Art Nouveau style and completed in 1916. Musikhuset Aarhus (concert hall) and Det Jyske Musikkonservatorium (Royal Academy of Music, Aarhus/Aalborg) are also of note, as are its museums including the open-air museum Den Gamle By, the art museum ARoS Aarhus Kunstmuseum, the Moesgård Museum and the women's museum Kvindemuseet. The city's major cultural institutions include Den Gamle By, ARoS Aarhus Kunstmuseum, the Moesgård Museum, Gender Museum Denmark, Musikhuset Aarhus and Aarhus Theatre. Known as Smilets By (lit. City of Smiles) it is the Danish city with the youngest demographics and home to Scandinavia's largest university, Aarhus University. Commercially, the city is the principal container port in the country, and major Danish companies such as Vestas, Arla Foods, Salling Group, and Jysk have their headquarters there.
Anon Pairot is a Thai artist and designer based in Bangkok.
Association Sportive et Culturelle Jaraaf is a Senegalese professional football club based in Dakar. They play in the top division in Senegalese football. Their home stadium is Stade de Diaraf. The club name is sometimes spelt ASC Jaraaf. The word Diaraf (French spelling in Senegal) or Jaraaf (Serer and English spelling in the Gambia) comes from the Serer language - Jaraaf, variation :Jaraff. The Jaraffs were the head of the Serer noble council of electors responsible for electing the Serer kings in pre-colonial times.
ASC Jaraaf is the most popular club in Senegal. The club also has the most number of major honours won in Senegal, totaling to 28.
The European Canoe Slalom Championships is an annual international canoeing and kayaking event organized by the European Canoe Association (ECA) since 1996. Until 2004 it was held every two years.
Raba (Arabic: رابا) is a Palestinian village in the Jenin Governorate.
The village was founded by the Bazur clan, originating, according to tradition, from two brothers from Awarta who fled due to a blood feud.
Wellesley Hills station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Wellesley, Massachusetts, United States. It serves the Framingham/Worcester Line. It is located off Washington Street (MA-16) in Wellesley, Massachusetts. Wellesley Hills has two low platforms serving the line's two tracks; it is not accessible. Designed in 1885 and completed in 1886, the station was the last of nine stations that H.H. Richardson designed for the Boston and Albany Railroad. It replaced a previous station, built in 1834 with the completion of the Boston and Worcester Railroad.
Chhimber چھمبر is a small village in tehsil Kharian Gujrat, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located near the cities of Dinga , Kharian, Mandi Bahauddin, and Jhelum.
The majority of the people in the village belong to the Junjua clan of the Jatt family. This village was originated by a person on his name Chhimber who was from Jat having sub-caste  Janjua by his caste. it remained inhabited for five generation and, due to  severe famine, this village was partially destroyed around 1836. it was rehabilitated in 1840 and has been continuously inhabited ever since. The vast majority of the people work in the agriculture industry. Chhimber is located on the bank of the Upper Jhelum Canal.
Haddon County, Queensland is a cadastral division of Queensland, Australia. It is a county of the South Gregory District of far western Queensland (25.80°S 141.45°E﻿ / -25.80; 141.45﻿ (Haddon County)).  The county is divided into civil parishes.
Harold Dana Gregg (July 11, 1921 – May 13, 1991) was an American starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Brooklyn Dodgers (1943–47), Pittsburgh Pirates (1948–50) and New York Giants (1952). Gregg batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Anaheim, California.
In a nine-season career, Gregg posted a 40–48 record with 401 strikeouts and a 4.54 ERA in 827 innings pitched.
In 1947 Gregg became an unlikely World Series figure. He had pitched very well in relief for Brooklyn, especially in the 4th game when Bill Bevens was hurling his 82⁄3 innings of no-hit ball only to lose in the 9th. Gregg relieved the starter in the 1st, got out of the jam with no runs, and pitched 7 innings holding the Yankees to 2 runs, working out of some more tough jams and keeping Brooklyn in the game. Since Brooklyn's manager had completely mishandled the pitching staff, continually using starters in relief, there was only Gregg ready to start game 7; Gregg thus joined some of the few but greatest pitchers in history who have started a World Series 7th game. Gregg, on two days' rest, lost, giving up 3 runs in 4 innings. He threw 12 innings in the series with 10 strikeouts including DiMaggio, who seldom struck out.
He was a better than average hitting pitcher in his career, compiling a .205 batting average (54-for-263) with 26 runs, 2 home runs and 15 RBI.
Gregg died in Bishop, California, aged 69.
Adam Radosław Bielecki (born 12 May 1983) is a Polish alpine and high-altitude climber, known for the first winter ascents of the eight-thousanders: Gasherbrum I and Broad Peak. In his book Spod zamarzniętych powiek, written with co-author Dominik Szczepański, Bielecki tells the story of his climbings, memories from Himalayan expeditions, and the effort the highest mountains demand.
Tom C. Fouts (November 24, 1918 – May 24, 2004) was a farmer, author, and comedian.  He was popularly known as Captain Stubby of the musical group Captain Stubby and the Buccaneers who were regularly featured on "WLS The Prairie Farmer Station" from 1948 until May 1960 (when the station changed format). He was also known for his syndicated 5-minute radio program called "Is Anybody Home" with former WLS Radio personality Charles Homer Bill.  He was born in Carroll County, Indiana, and grew up there as well.  He is perhaps most well known for his low pitched voice in the conclusion of a well known Roto-Rooter plumbing ad, and other radio and television advertisements.  Fouts was also well known for his Captain Stubby Sez columns, which appeared in a number of publications, including Prairie Farmer.
Being short and stocky as a child, Fouts earned the nickname "stubby". He was married to Eva Lou Fouts for over 63 years, until his death in 2004. He died in Kokomo, Indiana, after suffering a stroke.
Ruth May Strang (April 3, 1895 – January 1971) was an American psychologist whose primary research interests were in child and adolescent psychology.
Ernesto Hernández Busto (born 1968 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban writer living in Barcelona (Spain).
The Chorus Girl's Romance is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by William C. Dowlan and starring Viola Dana, Gareth Hughes, and William Quinn. It is based on the 1920 short story "Head and Shoulders" by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Jazzland may refer to:

Jazzland (amusement park), an amusement park later known as Six Flags New Orleans
Jazzland Records (American record label), a subsidiary of US-based Riverside Records founded in 1960
Jazzland Recordings, a Norwegian record company founded in 1997
Jazzland (film), an American film of 1928 starring Florence Turner
Kevin James Dean (born 16 October 1975 in Derby) is an English cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-fast bowler.
The imposing, 6'5" tall Dean made his club debut for the Derbyshire Phantoms in 1996 and received the Denis Compton Award in 1998. That year he took 74 wickets at 21.24, the fourth most first-class wickets in the English cricket season, behind only Courtney Walsh, Ed Giddins and Andy Caddick: he also helped Derbyshire to the NatWest Trophy final, bowling an important spell in the semi-final victory over Leicestershire. He achieved his best bowling figures of 8/52 in the 2000 season, otherwise achieving an average of a mere 25.65 throughout his first-class career, which spanned 100 matches.
He tried his hand at Twenty20 cricket in 2005, while turning in a couple of good performances before Derbyshire's exit in the second round of the C&G trophy of that year, also aiding them to the respectable position of quarter-finals in the Twenty20 cup.
Dean announced his retirement from first-class cricket at the end of the 2008 season after spending 15 years with Derbyshire.
In 2021 he appeared in an episode of The Chase.
Aequispirella enderbyensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
the Bukhtivets waterfall (Ukrainian: Бухтівецький водоспад) is located on the Bukhtivets River, near the village of Bukove, Nadvirna Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast.
Capussa was a king of the ancient Numidian tribe Massylii in 206 BCE. He was the son of Oezalces who had succeeded his brother, Gala, on the massylian throne.
Euchalcia bellieri is a moth of the family Noctuidae.


Goniopteris yaucoensis, synonym Thelypteris yaucoensis,  is a rare species of fern known by the common name Puerto Rico maiden fern. It is endemic to Puerto Rico, where it is known from only three localities. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
This fern was placed on the endangered species list in 1993. At that time it was known to exist at three locations: two in Yauco and one in Ciales in Puerto Rico. There were a total of about 65 plants known at all three combined.
This terrestrial fern has fronds up to 52 centimeters long with the blades divided into 13 to 15 pairs of segments.
Skullcandy Inc. is an American company based in Park City, Utah, that markets technology such as headphones, earphones, Bluetooth speakers and other products.
It was acquired by Mill Road Capital for $196.9 million and the deal was finalized on October 3, 2016, making Skullcandy a wholly owned private subsidiary of that company.
The Kom people are one of the indigenous and oldest tribe  who had settled in Manipur since time immemorial. They share very similar traditional attires and surnames with Lamkang.The Kom tribes have Karong, Serto,  Leivon and Telien clans etc.They are mainly found in Manipur  of North-East India.
They use Meitei as their second language (L2) according to the Ethnologue.
According to the 2001 Census of India, the population of Kom people is 14,602.
Joseph Jefferson Jackson (July 16, 1887 – December 5, 1951), nicknamed "Shoeless Joe", was an American outfielder who played Major League Baseball (MLB) in the early 20th century. Although his .356 career batting average is the fourth highest in the history of Major League Baseball (MLB), he is often remembered for his association with the Black Sox Scandal, in which members of the 1919 Chicago White Sox participated in a conspiracy to fix the World Series. As a result, Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis banned Jackson from baseball after the 1920 season. During the World Series in question, Jackson had led both teams in several statistical categories and set a World Series record with 12 base hits. Jackson's role in the scandal, banishment from the game, and exclusion from the Baseball Hall of Fame have been fiercely debated.
Jackson played for three MLB teams during his 12-year career, primarily in left field. He spent 1908–1909 as a member of the Philadelphia Athletics and 1910 with the minor league New Orleans Pelicans before joining the Cleveland Naps at the end of the 1910 season. He was still considered a rookie in 1911, when he hit for a .408 average, a single-season record for a rookie that still stands. He remained in Cleveland until early in the 1915 season; he then played for the White Sox through 1920. Later, Jackson played baseball under assumed names throughout the South.
Jackson holds the Cleveland Guardians and Chicago White Sox franchise records for triples in a season and career batting average. In 1999, he ranked number 35 on The Sporting News' list of the 100 Greatest Baseball Players and was a finalist for the Major League Baseball All-Century Team. The fans voted him as the 12th-best outfielder of all time. He also ranks 33rd on the all-time list for non-pitchers according to the win shares formula developed by sabermetrician Bill James. Baseball legend Babe Ruth said that he modeled his hitting method after Jackson's.
Pärnamäe Cemetery (Estonian: Pärnamäe kalmistu) is a cemetery in Pirita District, Tallinn, Estonia. Its area is 105.6 ha.
The cemetery was opened in 1962, and the cemetery was the merger of two former cemeteries. The first burial took place in 1963.
In 1993, a crematorium (the first in Estonia) was opened at the cemetery.
Thompson Square was a rapid transit station in Charlestown, Massachusetts. It served the Charlestown Elevated, part of the MBTA's Orange Line, from 1902 until 1975.
Lea Rowing Club is a rowing club based in Hackney, London, U.K. on the River Lea.
Founded in 1980 by the merger of several clubs, it is now the largest club in East London, catering for adults and children who want to compete at the highest level nationally and internationally, as well as those who want to enjoy rowing socially. In 2022, the club won the British Rowing "Club of the Year" award.
Helastia cinerearia is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is endemic to New Zealand and can be found in the North, South and Stewart Islands as well as on the Mercury and Chatham Islands. The preferred habitat of H. cinerearia includes urban gardens, various types of forest and sub alpine habitats. The larval host is lichen on rocks. The adult moths are on the wing all year round but are most commonly observed from September until February. Adult moths are nocturnal and  have been observed feeding from and likely pollinating Hebe salicifolia, Hoheria lyallii and Leptospermum scoparium.
Chauncey Brewster Tinker (October 22, 1876 – March 10, 1963) was a scholar of English Literature and Sterling Professor at Yale University.
Said Fettah (Arabic: سعيد فتاح; born 15 January 1986) or Fatah Said is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bab Berred.
Fettah played for Morocco at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands.
"Numb Numb Juice" is a song by American rapper Schoolboy Q, released on March 13, 2019 as the lead single from his fifth studio album Crash Talk, by Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE) and Interscope Records. The song was produced by Baby Keem, DJ Fu and Nez & Rio.
I Can Make a Mess, formerly I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business, is an American acoustic/alternative rock band, the side project of Ace Enders, lead singer and guitarist of the Early November.
Jessa Crispin (born c. 1978 in Lincoln, Kansas) is a critic, author, feminist, and the editor-in-chief of Bookslut, a litblog and webzine founded in 2002. She has published four books, most recently My Three Dads (2022).
Givenchy-le-Noble (French pronunciation: [ʒivɑ̃ʃi lə nɔbl]; Picard: Givinchy-ch’Nobe) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
USS Archerfish (SS/AGSS-311) was a Balao-class submarine. She was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the archerfish. Archerfish is best known for sinking the Japanese aircraft carrier Shinano in November 1944, the largest warship ever sunk by a submarine. For this achievement, she received a Presidential Unit Citation after World War II.
Mantung is a town and a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located in the state's south-east about 140 kilometres (87 mi) east of the state capital of Adelaide, and about 58 kilometres (36 mi) north-east and about 48 kilometres (30 mi) south-west respectively of the municipal seats of Karoonda and Loxton.
"Mantung" is reported as the Aboriginal name of a waterhole in the area. A school opened there in 1921 and closed in 1944.
Mantung was one of the towns along the Waikerie railway line after it opened in 1914. The town was surveyed in 1915. Despite the railway closing around 1990, the town hall has continued to be used by the community.
The historic Elizabeth Well Ruins are listed on the South Australian Heritage Register.
Mantung is located within the federal division of Barker, the state electoral districts of Chaffey and Hammond, and the local government areas of the District Council of Karoonda East Murray and the District Council of Loxton Waikerie.
Fateh Mohammad Buledi  is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan, from October 2013 to May 2018.He is the son of the great Baloch Nationalist Leader Shaheed Ayub Buledi. 


Doris Kareva (born 28 November 1958) is an Estonian poet and translator. She served as the secretary general of the Estonian National Commission in UNESCO between 1992 and 2008.
Qingyun Temple (simplified Chinese: 庆云寺; traditional Chinese: 慶雲寺; pinyin: Qìngyún Sì) is a Buddhist temple located in Dinghu District, Zhaoqing, Guangdong, China.


Hotel Shilla Co., Ltd. (Korean: 주식회사 신라호텔) is a South Korean operator of luxury hotels and duty-free shops. It is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World. The company is an affiliate of Samsung.
George Firestone (May 13, 1931 – March 2, 2012) was an American politician and businessman from the U.S. state of Florida. A Democrat, he served as the 20th Florida Secretary of State from 1979 to 1987.
The BET YoungStars Award honors young African-American people who have made an impact in the world of television, film, music, or sports. It has been presented at the annual BET Awards since 2010.
Marsai Martin has won the award five times. The youngest winner is Willow Smith (10) and the youngest nominee is Van Van (5).
Area code 952 is the telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) for the southwestern suburbs of Minneapolis-St. Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The numbering plan area (NPA) includes cities such as Bloomington, Eden Prairie, Edina and Minnetonka. It was created in 2000 along with area code 763 (northwest suburbs) when they were carved out of area code 612, which now only contains Minneapolis and a few inner-ring locales.
The area code splits in the Twin Cities are unusual because they split along municipal lines, rather than central office boundaries. This led to numerous exchanges being divided between two area codes. One central office, the Penn Avenue office in Minneapolis, had its geographical territory divided into area code 612 for portions in Minneapolis; 763 for portions in Golden Valley; and 952 for portions in St. Louis Park. Competitive local exchange carriers serving large portions of the metro area also ended up serving three area codes with the same prefixes.
952 is bordered on the north and northeast by 763 and 612 respectively, on the east by area code 651, and by area code 507 to the south.  This area is in the Central Time Zone.
Despite the Twin Cities' rapid growth, 952 is nowhere near exhaustion. The April 2023 NANPA projections predict an exhaust date of 2119. 
Even with the split into four area codes, most of the Twin Cities region is still a single rate center. The four Twin Cities area codes comprise one of the largest local calling areas in the United States; with a few exceptions, no long-distance charges are applied from one part of the Twin Cities to another.  Portions of area codes 320 and 507 are local calls from the Twin Cities as well. 
Prior to October 2021, area code 952 had telephone numbers assigned for the central office code 988. In 2020, 988 was designated nationwide as a dialing code for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, which created a conflict for exchanges that permit seven-digit dialing. This area code was therefore scheduled to transition to ten-digit dialing by October 24, 2021.
Yitzhak Shamir (Hebrew: יצחק שמיר, ; born Yitzhak Yezernitsky; October 22, 1915 – June 30, 2012) was an Israeli politician and the seventh prime minister of Israel, serving two terms (1983–1984, 1986–1992). Before the establishment of the State of Israel, Shamir was a leader of the Zionist militant group Lehi, also known as the Stern Gang.
Yitzhak Shamir grew up in interwar Poland. Shamir joined Betar, the paramilitary wing of Revisionist Zionist Ze'ev Jabotinsky's Hatzohar political party. In 1935, Shamir emigrated from Białystok to British Palestine, where he worked in an accountant's office. Shamir joined the Revisionist Zionist Irgun paramilitary group led by Menachem Begin. During World War II the Irgun split over the question of whether to support the Axis Powers against the British Empire. Avraham Stern  and Shamir sought an alliance with Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany and formed the breakaway militia group Lehi. Lehi was unable to persuade the Axis powers to lend it support. Shamir led Lehi after Stern's assassination in 1942. In 1944 Shamir married Lehi member Shulamit Levy. During the 1948 Palestine war, Lehi and the Irgun committed the Deir Yassin massacre of over 100 Palestinians.
After the establishment of the Israeli state Shamir served in Mossad between 1955 and 1965. Shamir directed Operation Damocles and resigned from Mossad after Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion ordered end to the program. In 1969 Shamir joined Menachem Begin's Herut Party. Shamir was first elected to the Knesset in 1973 as a member of the Likud alliance of parties. Shamir served as Speaker of the Knesset after Likud became the first right-wing Israeli government after winning the 1977 Israeli legislative election against Prime Minister Shimon Peres' Alignment. Shamir was named Foreign Minister by Prime Minister Begin in 1980 and would serve in this post until 1986. Shamir was Foreign Minister during the 1982 Israel invasion of Lebanon. 
Shamir won the 1983 Herut leadership election to succeed Begin as party leader, which made him Prime Minister and leader of the Likud. Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir lost the 1984 election to Peres. Peres and Shamir entered into a grand coalition deal where Peres became prime minister while Shamir remained foreign minister until 1986, when Peres and Shamir traded jobs. The First Intifada began in 1987 and Shamir resisted a two-state solution to the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Shamir unified the Likud alliance into one party in 1988. Shamir reluctantly restarted the Israeli–Palestinian peace process at the behest of the United States and Soviet Union which culminated in the Madrid Conference of 1991. Shamir lost the 1992 Israeli legislative election to Yitzhak Rabin and in 1993 Benjamin Netanyahu replaced him as Likud leader.


Mándok is a town in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.


Braslou (French pronunciation: [bʁalu]) is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Aise Karo Naa Vidaa is an Indian television series that aired on Colors in 2010. This show was produced by DJ's a Creative Unit Directed by Talat jani , Khalid Akhtar and starred Aastha Chaudhary and Anas Rashid.
Trzebieszki (Polish pronunciation: [tʂɛˈbjɛskʲi]) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Jastrowie, 29 km (18 mi) west of Złotów, and 109 km (68 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.
This is a list of historic places in Wellington County, Ontario, containing heritage sites listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places (CRHP), all of which are designated as historic places either locally, provincially, territorially, nationally, or by more than one level of government.
"Denwa Matteimasu" (電話待っています, Call Waiting) is the third single by Japanese girl group Melon Kinenbi. Its highest position on the Oricon weekly chart was #53.
The Zlob Trojan, identified by some antiviruses as Trojan.Zlob, is a Trojan horse which masquerades as a required video codec in the form of ActiveX. It was first detected in late 2005, but only started gaining attention in mid-2006.
Once installed, it displays popup ads which appear similar to real Microsoft Windows warning popups, informing the user that their computer is infected with spyware. Clicking these popups triggers the download of a fake anti-spyware program (such as Virus Heat and MS Antivirus (Antivirus 2009)) in which the Trojan horse is hidden.
The Trojan has also been linked to downloading atnvrsinstall.exe which uses the Windows Security shield icon to look as if it is an anti-virus installation file from Microsoft. Having this file run can wreak havoc on computers and networks. One typical symptom is random computer shutdowns or reboots with random comments. This is caused by the programs using Task Scheduler to run a file called "zlberfker.exe."
Project Honeypot Spam Domains List (PHSDL) tracks and catalogs spam domains. Some of the domains on the list are redirects to porn sites and various video watching sites that show a number of online videos. Playing videos on these sites activates a request to download an ActiveX codec which is malware. It prevents the user from closing the browser in the usual manner. Other variants of Zlob Trojan installation come in the form of a Java cab file masquerading as a computer scan.
There is evidence that the Zlob Trojan might be a tool of the Russian Business Network or at least of Russian origin.
Fajar Legian Siswanto (born August 27, 1987) is an Indonesian former footballer. He was born in Indonesia to a Dutch father and Javanese mother.
Orange Maroc (or previously Meditel) is one of three major licensed telecommunications operators in Morocco. The multi-service operator offers mobile, fixed-line, cybersecurity and mobile payment offerings.
Created in 1999, it is the second operator of mobile telephony in Morocco. In December 2016, Meditel became Orange Maroc. The company employs 1,280 people and generates some 20,000 indirect jobs. The operator serves 14.2 million customers in Morocco and has nearly 450 shops across the country. It also owns a fibre network of more than 5,400  km and has more than 4,000 radio sites, covering more than 99% of the country's population.
The short-tailed magpies are two species of magpies that used to be considered conspecific:

Javan green magpie (Cissa thalassina)
Bornean green magpie (Cissa jefferyi)
The 2023 Banja Luka Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the 21st edition of the tournament which was part of the 2023 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina from 7 to 13 August 2023.
1,2-Dibromoethane, also known as ethylene dibromide (EDB), is an organobromine compound with the chemical formula C2H4Br2. Although trace amounts occur naturally in the ocean, where it is probably formed by algae and kelp, substantial amounts are produced industrially. It is a dense colorless liquid with a faint, sweet odor, detectable at 10 ppm. It is a widely used and sometimes-controversial fumigant. The combustion of 1,2-dibromoethane produces hydrogen bromide gas that is significantly corrosive.
A Welcome Intruder is a 1913 silent film short directed by D. W. Griffith and produced by the Biograph Company.


"When It Was Me" is Paula DeAnda's third single on her debut album Paula DeAnda.  Paula's pensive thoughts are expressed, nonetheless sung, about how her ex-boyfriend shows much affection to his new love, when that person used to be her. According to Paula, the way he treats his girlfriend is better than the way he treated her. Paula says throughout the first and second verses that she's not jealous, but overall she really is aware of the changes, and really wants what her ex-boyfriend is giving to the other girl.
This song was co-written by Ne-Yo. The song received some very minor airplay on a few Top 40/pop stations in Texas, but it didn't make the Mainstream Top 40 or Pop 100 Airplay charts. The song received moderate airplay on some rhythmic radio stations causing it to chart on the Rhythmic Top 40; it peaked at number 25 on the chart.
Radical 169 or radical gate (門部) meaning "gate" or "door" is one of the 9 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 8 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 246 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
门, the simplified form of 門, is the 47th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China, while the traditional form 門 is listed as its associated indexing component.


Mikio Matsuda (松田 幹郎, Matsuda Mikio, born 18 August 1949) is a Japanese ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
Sharon Bridgforth (born May 15, 1958, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American writer working in theater.


Vaterite is a mineral, a polymorph of calcium carbonate (CaCO3). It was named after the German mineralogist Heinrich Vater. It is also known as mu-calcium carbonate (μ-CaCO3). Vaterite belongs to the hexagonal crystal system, whereas calcite is trigonal and aragonite is orthorhombic.
Vaterite, like aragonite, is a metastable phase of calcium carbonate at ambient conditions at the surface of the Earth. As it is less stable than either calcite or aragonite, vaterite has a higher solubility than either of these phases. Therefore, once vaterite is exposed to water, it converts to calcite (at low temperature) or aragonite (at high temperature: ~60 °C). At 37 °C for example a solution-mediated transition from vaterite to calcite occurs, where the vaterite dissolves and subsequently precipitates as calcite assisted by an Ostwald ripening process.
However, vaterite does occur naturally in mineral springs, organic tissue, gallstones, urinary calculi and plants. In those circumstances, some impurities (metal ions or organic matter) may stabilize the vaterite and prevent its transformation into calcite or aragonite. Vaterite is usually colorless.
Vaterite can be produced as the first mineral deposits repairing natural or experimentally-induced shell damage in some aragonite-shelled mollusks (e.g. gastropods). Subsequent shell deposition occurs as aragonite. In 2018, vaterite was identified as a constituent of a deposit formed on the leaves of Saxifraga at Cambridge University Botanic Garden.
Vaterite has a JCPDS number of 13-192.
The 207th Infantry Division (German: 207. Infanterie-Division) was established in August 1939, and acted as a border security unit during the invasion of Poland as part of the Fourth Army under Army Group North. In May 1940 during the invasion of the Netherlands it attacked the Grebbe Line and was part of 18th Army. In June 1940 it was transferred to the OKH's Reserve Army. In July it was transferred to Pomerania, and in August it was disbanded and its elements used to create three security divisions: the 207th, the 281st, and the 285th, in preparation for Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union.
The 207th Security Division (207. Sicherungs-Division) was subordinated to the Army Group North Rear Area until December 1944, when it was disbanded. Its headquarters staff continued as a "special purpose" (German z.b.V.) divisional headquarters under the Sixteenth Army, ending the war in the pocket with Army Group Courland.
The Synagogue of La Chaux-de-Fonds (French: Synagogue de La Chaux-de-Fonds) is a Jewish congregation and synagogue, located at 63 Rue du Parc, in La Chaux-de-Fonds, in the Canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. 
The synagogue was opened in 1896 and was listed among the Cultural Property of National Significance. It is also part of the La Chaux-de-Fonds 19th-century urban ensemble listed as a World Heritage Site.
On July 17, 2014, Eric Garner, an African American man, was killed in the New York City borough of Staten Island by Daniel Pantaleo, a New York City Police Department (NYPD) officer, after the latter put him in a prohibited chokehold while arresting him. Video footage of the incident generated widespread national attention and raised questions about the use of force by law enforcement.
NYPD officers approached Garner on July 17 on suspicion of selling single cigarettes from packs without tax stamps. After Garner told the police that he was tired of being harassed and that he was not selling cigarettes, the officers attempted to arrest Garner. When Pantaleo placed his hands on Garner, Garner pulled his arms away. Pantaleo then placed his arm around Garner's neck and wrestled him to the ground. With multiple officers pinning him down, Garner repeated the words "I can't breathe" 11 times while lying face down on the sidewalk. After Garner lost consciousness, he remained lying on the sidewalk for seven minutes while the officers waited for an ambulance to arrive. Garner was pronounced dead at a hospital area approximately one hour later.
The medical examiner ruled Eric Garner's death a homicide. Specifically, an autopsy indicated that Garner's death resulted from "[compression] of neck, compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police". Asthma, heart disease, and obesity were cited as contributing factors.
On December 4, 2014, a Richmond County grand jury decided not to indict Pantaleo. This decision stirred public protests and rallies, with charges of police brutality made by protesters. By December 28, 2014, at least 50 demonstrations had been held nationwide in response to the Garner case, while hundreds of demonstrations against general police brutality counted Garner as a focal point. On July 13, 2015, an out-of-court settlement was reached, under which the City of New York would pay the Garner family $5.9 million. In 2019, the U.S. Department of Justice declined to bring criminal charges against Pantaleo under federal civil rights laws. On August 2, 2019, at a New York Police Department disciplinary hearing regarding Pantaleo's treatment of Garner, an administrative judge, NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Trials Rosemarie Maldonado, recommended that Pantaleo's employment be terminated. Pantaleo was fired on August 19, 2019, more than five years after Garner's death.
W.A.K.O. World Championships 1981 were the third world kickboxing championships hosted by W.A.K.O. and were organized by Italian Ennio Falsoni.  It was the second time that W.A.K.O. had held a championships in Italy (the Europeans had been held there in 1979) and heralded the beginning of the organizations having its world championships every two years as opposed to once a year.  The event was open to amateur men only from across the world, and featured two categories; Semi-Contact kickboxing and the newly introduced Musical Forms, and for the first time ever there was no Full-Contact kickboxing.  By the end of the championships, West Germany were the top nation, with the USA in second and host nation Italy in third.  The event was held in Milan, Italy in 1981.
My Blood Runs Cold is a 1965 American neo noir dark thriller film starring Troy Donahue, Joey Heatherton and Barry Sullivan. It was directed by William Conrad. It was the second of three thrillers Conrad made for Warner Bros. A young woman falls in love with a man who may be insane.
Northolt Manor is a 1.8 hectare scheduled monument, local nature reserve and Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, in Northolt in the London Borough of Ealing. It is owned and managed by Ealing Council.
Archaeological excavations from 1950 show that the site has been occupied since at least the 7th to early 8th centuries. Around 1300 a moat was dug, and later in the century the first stone buildings were erected to make a moated manor house. It was demolished in the eighteenth century. In 1935 the land was purchased by the local authority for public open space.
The site has meadows, scrub, woodlands, wetlands and ponds. There is access from Court Farm Road.
José Maria de Alpoim Cerqueira Borges Cabral (Santa Cristina, Mesão Frio, 2 June 1858 - Lisbon, 15 December 1916) was a politician, member of the Progressive Party of Portugal, and later the Republican Party of Portugal, who held various roles during the last years of the constitutional monarchy in Portugal. He was a deputy in the Cortes, Counsel and Peer of the Realm, as well as holding positions in the Ministry of Justice, as well as roles in the First Portuguese Republic.
Syed Abdul Salam Shah (born November, 1897) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress  (INC), and a well-known freedom fighter. He belonged to Kaimganj, Farrukhabad. He served INC for more than 40 years till his death.
William Devenay (1864 – 12 May 1934) was a British trade unionist and politician.
Justino Fernández García (September 28, 1904 – December 12, 1972) was a researcher, historian and art critic who is particularly known for his work documenting and critiquing Mexican art of the 20th century. Fernandez studied and developed his career with the National Autonomous University of Mexico, as a protégé of Manuel Toussaint. Then the latter died in 1955, Fernandez took over as head of the Aesthetic Research Institute at UNAM, where he would develop the most of his writing and research until his death. Fernandez’s work was recognized by the Mexican government with the Premio Nacional de Ciencias y Artes in 1969.
NGC 273 is an edge-on lenticular galaxy in the constellation Cetus. It was discovered on September 10, 1785, by William Herschel.
A data access layer (DAL) in computer software is a layer of a computer program which provides simplified access to data stored in persistent storage of some kind, such as an entity-relational database. This acronym is prevalently used in Microsoft environments.
For example, the DAL might return a reference to an object (in terms of object-oriented programming) complete with its attributes instead of a row of fields from a database table.  This allows the client (or user) modules to be created with a higher level of abstraction.  This kind of model could be implemented by creating a class of data access methods that directly reference a corresponding set of database stored procedures. Another implementation could potentially retrieve or write records to or from a file system. The DAL hides this complexity of the underlying data store from the external world.
For example, instead of using commands such as insert, delete, and update to access a specific table in a database, a class and a few stored procedures could be created in the database.  The procedures would be called from a method inside the class, which would return an object containing the requested values.  Or, the insert, delete and update commands could be executed within simple functions like registeruser or loginuser stored within the data access layer.
Also, business logic methods from an application can be mapped to the data access layer. So, for example, instead of making a query into a database to fetch all users from several tables, the application can call a single method from a DAL which abstracts those database calls.
Applications using a data access layer can be either database server dependent or independent. If the data access layer supports multiple database types, the application becomes able to use whatever databases the DAL can talk to.  In either circumstance, having a data access layer provides a centralized location for all calls into the database, and thus makes it easier to port the application to other database systems (assuming that 100% of the database interaction is done in the DAL for a given application).
Object-Relational Mapping tools provide data layers in this fashion, following the Active Record or Data Mapper patterns. The ORM/active-record model is popular with web frameworks.
The concept of the gun pod came into its prime during and after World War II.   "Package gun" installations on US medium and light bombers, such as the B-25 Mitchell and A-26 Invader, were likely the first pods used by the United States military.  One of its primary tasks was to suppress ground defenses during attack runs while conducting maritime interdiction, and the extra armament provided additional firepower.
With the rise of missile usage in the post-WWII period many United States aircraft were produced without internal guns, but it was soon found that guns were still needed both for air-to-air combat and close air support.  Gun pods offered a simple means of giving aircraft this capability, with no weight penalty on missions where guns were not required.
The United States has developed systems for use both on fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters.
İncə (also, Incha and Indzha) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 1,281.İncə, Shaki is similar to these settlements: Sarıca, Azerbaijan, Qozlubulaq, Qaratorpaq and more.
The 1948 World Table Tennis Championships women's singles was the 15th edition of the women's singles championship.
Gizi Farkas defeated Vera Thomas-Dace in the final by three sets to two, to win the title.
Whistling Woods International is a film, communication and creative arts institute located in Mumbai, India. The institute is promoted by the Indian Filmmaker Subhash Ghai, Mukta Arts and Film City Mumbai. In July 2014, The Hollywood Reporter named Whistling Woods International on its list of "The best film schools in the world". The school was first ranked among the top 10 film schools by The Hollywood Reporter in 2010.
Programmes offered at Whistling Woods International vary in duration from 1 year to 4 years. All the major specialisations of the Media, Communication & Creative industry are catered to in the seven schools housed at Whistling Woods International, namely, School of Filmmaking, Actors' Studio, School of Animation, School of Design, School of Fashion, School of Media & Communication and School of Music.
Whistling Woods International has affiliated with 2 universities to offer 2, 3 and 4-year graduate and postgraduate programs. They are the Tata Institute of Social Sciences and Rajiv Gandhi National Institute for Youth Development.
The Do Mato River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
Karl A. Augustesen (born 1945) is a Danish astronomer and co-discoverer of minor planets.
Working at Brorfelde Observatory, he is credited by the Minor Planet Center with the discovery of 6 numbered asteroids during 1984–1987.
The Vestian main-belt asteroid 5171 Augustesen, discovered by astronomer and colleague Poul Jensen at Brorfelde Observatory in 1988, was named in his honor.
Blur are an English rock band formed in London in 1988. The band consists of singer Damon Albarn, guitarist Graham Coxon, bass guitarist Alex James and drummer Dave Rowntree. Their debut album, Leisure (1991), incorporated the sounds of Madchester and shoegaze. Following a stylistic change influenced by English guitar pop groups such as the Kinks, the Beatles and XTC, Blur released the albums Modern Life Is Rubbish (1993), Parklife (1994) and The Great Escape (1995). As a result, the band helped to popularise the Britpop genre and achieved mass popularity in the UK, aided by a widely publicised chart battle with rival band Oasis in 1995 dubbed "The Battle of Britpop".
Blur's self-titled fifth album (1997) saw another stylistic shift, influenced by the lo-fi styles of American indie rock groups, and became their third UK chart-topping album. Its single "Song 2" brought the band mainstream success in the US for the first time. Their next album, 13 (1999) saw the band experimenting with electronic and art rock styles, and featured more personal lyrics from Albarn and Coxon. Their seventh album, Think Tank (2003), continued their experimentation with electronic sounds and was shaped by Albarn's growing interest in hip hop and world music, featuring more minimal guitar work. Coxon left the band early in the sessions for Think Tank, and Blur disbanded for several years after the album's tour.
In 2009, Blur reunited with Coxon and embarked on a European reunion tour. In the following years, they released several singles and compilations and toured internationally. In 2012, they received a Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music. Their eighth album, The Magic Whip (2015), was their first in twelve years and the sixth consecutive Blur studio album to top the British charts. After the Magic Whip tour, Blur went on hiatus until the release of their ninth album, The Ballad of Darren, in 2023.


Orioles are colourful Old World passerine birds in the genus Oriolus, the type genus of the corvoidean family Oriolidae. They are not closely related to the New World orioles, which are icterids (family Icteridae) that belong to the superfamily Passeroidea.
Bleach is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tite Kubo. The plot starts with Ichigo Kurosaki, a teenager who accidentally steals the powers of the Soul Reaper Rukia Kuchiki and subsequently assumes her duties while she convalesces. Since that event, Ichigo has to fight Hollows, evil spirits of past humans that feed on unwary people.
The manga was first published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from August 7, 2001, to August 22, 2016. The 698 individual chapters were collected by Shueisha in a series of 74 tankōbon volumes between January 5, 2002, and November 4, 2016. Most chapter names are written in English and have katakana above them to indicate how they are read in Japanese, similar to the usage of furigana ruby characters with advanced kanji characters. The total count of published Bleach chapters and the number on the highest-numbered chapter do not match. This is because, in addition to the positive numbered chapters, some chapters are published with a negative or fractional chapter number. These "negative" chapters are side stories that involve events that precede the main plot of the series.
North American licensee Viz Media serialized the individual chapters in Shonen Jump from its November 2007 to April 2012 issues. The series moved to the digital anthology Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha in January 2012 and Viz Media published it digitally as Shueisha released new chapters in Japan. The first volume on English was released on July 6, 2004, and the last volume–the 74th–was released on October 2, 2018. The company released a hardcover "collector's edition" of the first volume with a dust jacket on August 5, 2008, followed by a box set on September 2, 2008, containing the first 21 volumes, a poster, and a booklet about the series. A second box set was released on July 7, 2015, containing volumes 22–48, the Bleach pilot and a  poster. A re-release of the series under the label of "3-in-1 Edition" started on June 7, 2011; as of March 5, 2019, all twenty five volumes have been released.
Viz Media released digital forms of the first 16 volumes in English on June 17, 2011. As of October 2, 2018, all 74 digital volumes have been published. On September 21, 2012, Shueisha released 45 digital volumes in Japanese e-book stores. As of November 4, 2016, all 74 digital volumes have been released.


Cranbrook Elementary School is a public elementary school in the Northwest Columbus area in Ohio, USA. It is rated "Excellent" by the Ohio Department of Education and was honored by the Blue Ribbon Schools Program in 2003. Cranbrook serves students in grades Kindergarten through 5 as well as early childhood education.


James Goodwin Forest is a 1,169-acre (473 ha) managed forest near Carthage, North Carolina.  The forest is managed by the NC Natural Resources Foundation for NC State University's Department of Forestry and Environmental Resources.
The Sanremo Music Festival 1997 (Italian: Festival di Sanremo 1997), officially the 47th Italian Song Festival (47º Festival della canzone italiana), was the 47th annual Sanremo Music Festival, held at the Teatro Ariston in Sanremo in late February 1997 and broadcast by Rai 1. The show was presented by Mike Bongiorno (at his eleventh and final hosting of the festival), supported by Piero Chiambretti and Valeria Marini. Composers Pino Donaggio and Giorgio Moroder and lyricist Carla Vistarini served as the artistic directors.
In this edition, a "Quality Jury", responsible for rewarding the best music, best lyrics and best arrangement, was introduced. The 1997 jury was headed by Luciano Pavarotti and consisted of Bill Conti, Gino Paoli, Nicola Piovani and Mario Missiroli (who replaced Gabriele Salvatores, who suffered a flu). The winner of the Big Artists section was the pop duo Jalisse with the song "Fiumi di parole", while Patty Pravo won the Critics Award with the song "...E dimmi che non vuoi morire". Paola e Chiara won the Newcomers section with the song "Amici come prima". For the newcomers, only the winner was revealed; for the big artists section, initially only the first three positions were announced, while the complete final ranking was disclosed only several weeks after the end of the festival.
As a result of their victory, Jalisse were eligible to represent Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, in which they eventually ranked fourth. It was a surprise return for Italy after having sat out the contest since 1993, as well as the first Italian entry chosen through Sanremo since 1972 (while the last time Sanremo had been used to select the entrant was in 1989). The country would once again withdraw following the 1997 contest and would not return until 2011.
Starting from the second night, the journalist Bruno Vespa hosted DopoFestival, a talk show about the Festival with the participation of singers, politicians and journalists.
Grant is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States. It is in the west-central part of the county, along Secondary Highway 324, 12 miles (19 km) west of Interstate 15 and 31 miles (50 km) southwest of Dillon, the county seat.
Grant was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census.
The 2019 season is Shan United's 10th season in the Myanmar National League since 2009.
The Pizza Company (Thai: เดอะ พิซซ่า คอมปะนี) is a restaurant chain and international franchise based in Bangkok, Thailand. With focus on pizza and Italian-American cuisine, it is a wholly owned subsidiary of Minor International (merged with The Minor Food Group). Its branches are spread all across Asia.
Brendan O'Hara (born 27 April 1963) is a Scottish National Party (SNP) politician. He serves as Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber since the 2024, having previously represented the Argyll and Bute constituency from 2015 to 2024. He has been the SNP spokesperson for Foreign Affairs since September 2023. He served as the SNP Digital, Culture, Media and Sport spokesperson from 2017 to 2018, the SNP Defence spokesperson from 2015 to 2017, SNP International Development spokesperson from 2022 to 2023, and SNP Chief Whip in 2023.
An oscillating turret is a form of turret for armoured fighting vehicles, both tanks and armoured cars. The turret is unusual in being made of two hinged parts.  Elevation of the gun relies on the upper part of the turret moving relative to the lower part.
Oscillating turrets have rarely been used. Their only widespread use was on two French designs: the AMX-13 light tank and the Panhard EBR armoured car; the Austrian SK-105 Kürassier uses a turret developed from the AMX-13.
The Congos are a reggae vocal group from Jamaica which formed as the duo "Ashanti" Roy Johnson (tenor) (b. Roydel Johnson, 1947, Hanover, Jamaica) and Cedric Myton (falsetto) (b. 1947, Saint Catherine Parish, Jamaica), later becoming a trio with the addition of Watty Burnett (baritone) (b. early 1950s, Port Antonio, Jamaica), and have been active on and off from the mid-1970s until the present day. They are best known for their Heart of the Congos album, recorded with Lee "Scratch" Perry.


Samuel Raymond Divine, Sr. (born 20 February 1953) is a Liberian politician and banker. He was the Governor of the Liberia United Bank Incorporated, a bank which collapsed in 2005.
Running as an independent candidate in the 11 October 2005 presidential election, he placed 21st out of 22 candidates, receiving 0.3% of the vote.
The Barnaul Maniac (Russian: Барнаульский маньяк) is the name of an unidentified Russian serial killer who committed the murders of 9 girls and 2 women from 1997 to 2000 in the city of Barnaul and the village of Buranovo. The motives of the perpetrator remain unknown, with the main suspect in the murders having committed suicide in November 2000.
Xianshou is a genus of gliding haramiyidan synapsid known from the Oxfordian stage of the Jurassic period, approximately 160 million years ago. Two species, X. linglong and X. songae, are known from fossils of the Tiaojishan Formation in the Liaoning province of China.
Madagascar Skin is a 1995 British film starring Bernard Hill and John Hannah.
Every Day's a Holiday  is a 1937 American comedy film starring and co-written by Mae West, directed by A. Edward Sutherland, and released by Paramount Pictures. The film, released on December 18, 1937, also starred Edmund Lowe, Charles Winninger, and Charles Butterworth. This was West's last film under her Paramount contract, after which she went on to make My Little Chickadee (1940) for Universal Pictures and The Heat's On (1943) for Columbia Pictures.
Johann Bernoulli (also known as Jean in French or John in English; 6 August [O.S. 27 July] 1667 – 1 January 1748) was a Swiss mathematician and was one of the many prominent mathematicians in the Bernoulli family. He is known for his contributions to infinitesimal calculus and educating Leonhard Euler in the pupil's youth.
The Royal Navy State Funeral Gun Carriage is a converted Ordnance, BL, 12 pdr 6 cwt, MK II, gun carriage which has been used in the UK to bear the coffin at the funeral processions of: Queen Victoria; King Edward VII; King George V; King George VI; Sir Winston Churchill; Admiral of the Fleet The 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma; and Queen Elizabeth II. It is traditionally pulled by members of the Royal Navy; when not in use, it is kept at the shore establishment HMS Excellent. A smaller version, known as the Portsmouth Gun Carriage, has been used at the ceremonial funerals of several senior naval officers in the 20th century.
Probability plot, a graphical technique for comparing two data sets, may refer to:

P–P plot, "Probability-Probability" or "Percent-Percent" plot
Q–Q plot, "Quantile-Quantile" plot
Normal probability plot, a Q–Q plot against the standard normal distribution
The Asian Young Researchers Conference on Computational and Omics Biology (AYRCOB) is a conference series for young researchers and students who are conducting their research in the fields of computational, omics and systems biology in Asia. The main objectives of AYRCOB are to promote international exchange among young researchers in Asia and to deliver lectures given by leading researchers. One of unique characteristics of AYRCOB is that the conference itself is organized by young researchers (graduate students and post-doctoral fellows). From the outstanding performance of young students, the Dean Prize of the Graduate School of Frontier Sciences by the University of Tokyo has been awarded to the committee in 2009 and 2011 respectively.
In 2016 and 2017, AYRCOB was held jointly with the International Conference on Genome Informatics Workshop (GIW).
Darko Micevski (Macedonian: Дарко Мицевски, born 12 April 1992) is a Macedonian footballer, who plays for Vardar.
Kadabra is a Pokémon species based on a dog.
Kadabra or Cadabra may also refer to:

Cadabra (disambiguation)
Kadabra or Abra Kadabra (character), a DC Comics supervillain sometimes referred to as simply "Kadabra"
Hypotia massilialis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypotia. This species was first described in 1832 by the French entomologist Duponchel. Hypotia massilialis is present in the  France, Spain, Croatia, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria, North Macedonia, Ukraine, Russia and Turkey.
Sir Ambrose Browne, 1st Baronet (died 1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England between 1628 and 1648. He supported the Parliamentary side in the English Civil War.

Browne was the son of Sir Matthew Browne of Betchworth Castle, Surrey, and his wife Jane Vincent, daughter of Sir Thomas Vincent of Stoke d'Abernon. He was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge. He was created a baronet on 7 July 1627.
In 1628 Browne was elected Member of Parliament for Surrey and held the seat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament. He was re-elected for Surrey in April 1640 in the Short Parliament, and again in November 1640 for the Long Parliament. He was excluded from parliament in 1648 under Pride's Purge. He was on various commissions for parliament during the Civil War. In 1654 he was visited by the diarist John Evelyn at his home at Betchworth Castle, near the River Mole at Dorking.
Browne married Elizabeth Adam, daughter of William Adam of Saffron Waldon. His son Adam succeeded to the baronetcy and was also MP for Surrey.
Robert Spencer, 2nd Earl of Sunderland,  (5 September 1641 – 28 September 1702) was an English nobleman and politician of the Spencer family. An able and gifted statesman, his caustic temper and belief in absolute monarchy nevertheless made him numerous enemies. He was forced to flee England in 1688, but later established himself with the new regime after the Glorious Revolution of that year. Subsequently, he took on a more disinterested role as an adviser to the Crown, seeking neither office nor favour. He evinced no party loyalty, but was devoted to his country's interests, as he saw them. By the notoriously lax standards of the Restoration Court, his private life was remarkably free from scandal, which won him favour in the more sober post-Revolution state.
Hollidaysburg is a borough in and the county seat of Blair County in the U.S. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. It is located on the Juniata River, 5 miles (8 km) south of Altoona and is part of the Altoona, Pennsylvania, metropolitan statistical area. In 1900, 2,998 people lived in the borough, in 1910, 3,734 lived there, and in 1940, 5,910 residents were counted. The population was 5,641 at the 2020 census. Coal, iron ore, ganister, and limestone are found in the vicinity. In the past, the borough had foundries and machine shops, a silk mill, car works and classification yards.
From 1834 to 1854, the borough was an important port on Pennsylvania Main Line Canal, where the Juniata Division Canal connected to the Allegheny Portage Railroad.
The center of Hollidaysburg is frequently referred to as "The Diamond," where the buildings and parking spaces form a diamond. This area serves as the hub for parades, festivals and other town celebrations.


Jackson Brewing Company may refer to:
Corinne Alexandra Conley (born May 23, 1929) is an American actress who spent the majority of her career in Canada, notable for having won the Canadian Council of Authors and Artists' Best Actress Award. Conley is known for her voiceover work in various films and television productions and is better recognized for voicing Rudolph's mother and presumably Dolly for Sue in Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer (1964).
Conley's acting career has spanned seventy years, receiving several nominations for her work. She has also made prominent and notable appearances in Tales of the Wizard of Oz as Dorothy Gale (1961), Days of Our Lives as Phyllis Anderson (1973-1982), the Goosebumps episode "Monster Blood" as Aunt Katherine (1996), Quads! as Sister Butch (2001-2002), A Christmas Horror Story as Aunt Edda (2015), and voicing multiple characters in the Watch Dogs: Legion video game (2020).
Stump Family Farm is a national historic district located near Moorefield, Hardy County, West Virginia.  The district encompasses three contributing buildings and one contributing site.  It includes a cabin constructed of rough hewn white oak with a top log of pine, built about 1775.  Also on the property is a barn (c. 1810), well house (c. 1810), and the Stump family cemetery.  The property commemorates pre-revolutionary pioneer life in America. Michael Stump purchased the property about 1781 and it remained in the family until 1972.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
Tyler Rudy (born September 29, 1993) is an American former professional soccer player who played for the New England Revolution and Puerto Rico FC.
Suzanna Son (born 1994 or 1995) is an American film actress, musician and model known for the role of Strawberry in Red Rocket. She has been nominated for a Gotham Award and an Independent Spirit Award.
Major General Anton Muttukumaru, OBE, ED, ADC (6 July 1908 – 2001) was the first native Ceylonese  to serve as the Commander of the Ceylon Army (now Sri Lankan Army), a post he held from 1955 to 1959. He also served as Ceylon's High Commissioner to Australia, New Zealand, Pakistan and Ambassador to Egypt.
Toshikazu is a masculine Japanese given name.
Krnja Jela may refer to:

Krnja Jela, Bosanski Petrovac, a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Krnja Jela, Šavnik, a village in the municipality of Šavnik, Montenegro
Krnja Jela (Sjenica), a village in the municipality of Sjenica, Serbia


The Koalisyong Pambansa (transl. National Coalition) was the coalition formed by the Liberal Party and the PDP–Laban for the 1992 Philippine general election. The coalition was seen to lean left-of-center. It emerged as a coalition between activists and liberals, supporting candidates who explicitly adopted progressive positions.
The coalition nominated Jovito Salonga of the Liberal Party for president, and PDP–Laban founder Aquilino Pimentel Jr. for vice president. It had a 23-person slate for the Senate election, and had common candidates in the House of Representatives elections. The coalition was cash strapped, as both Salonga and Pimentel voted to evict the U.S. bases in the country, a move which was unfavorably seen by the business community. Both Salonga and Pimentel ultimately lost, with Salonga finishing sixth of seven candidates, just behind Imelda Marcos, the former first lady. Wigberto Tañada won the coalition's sole seat in the Senate, and several congressmen and local officials won.
The Oasis International Foundation is an interfaith foundation established in 2004. It was based on an idea of Cardinal Angelo Scola to promote mutual knowledge and understanding between Christians and Muslims, with special focus on the reality of Christian minorities in predominantly Muslim countries. 
Oasis relies on a network of international contacts. In addition to Cardinal Scola its Promotional Committee includes Patriarch Bechara Boutros al-Rahi (Lebanon), Cardinals Philippe Barbarin (Lyon), Josip Bozanic (Zagreb), Péter Erdő (Budapest), Christoph Schönborn (Vienna), Patriarch Fouad Twal (Jerusalem) and Bishops Camillo Ballin (Kuwait), Mounged El-Hachem (Nuncio in Kuwait), Paul Hinder (Emirates), Jean-Clément Jeanbart (Alep), Maroun Lahham (Tunis), Anthony Lobo (Islamabad), Francisco Javier Martínez (Granada) and Joseph Powathil (Changanacherry). The scientific committee includes Islam experts, philosophers, sociologists, historians and legal experts.
László Vágner (born December 24, 1955, in Gávavencsellő) is a Hungarian former football referee.
He refereed two matches in the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France: Scotland v Norway at the Parc de Lescure in Bordeaux, and Chile v Cameroon at the Stade de la Beaujoire in Nantes which ended in controversial circumstances as he denied Cameroon two apparently clean goals and dished out two red cards to Cameroon.
At Large may refer to

At-large, a political term relating to elections
At Large (album), a 1959 album by The Kingston Trio
Editor-at-large
Brończyce [brɔɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. In 1975–1998 it was owned by Keltse
Lajos Aulich (25 August 1793 – 6 October 1849) was the third Minister of War of the Hungarian State.
Originally a professional soldier and lieutenant colonel in the Austrian Army, during the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 however, he sided with the revolutionaries.
During the Spring Campaign, Aulich commanded an army, which gathered and prepared for the great Battle of Isaszeg.   
He became a honvédség (Hungarian Army) colonel on 2 October 1848, and was named General at the Battle of Kápolna. He was a stickler for the rules: when Lajos Kossuth sent him requests, he answered: "please work through Görgey." Due to his gout, he was relieved of field duty and appointed Minister of War on 14 July 1849. He was executed less than three months later as one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
Rosenblattichthys alatus, the winged pearleye, is a species of fish found in the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific.
Pachnoda tridentata is a species of beetle from the genus Pachnoda. The species was first described in 1789.
K.T.S.E. (an initialism of Keep That Same Energy) is the second studio album by American recording artist Teyana Taylor, released on June 22, 2018, by GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings.
Following the release of VII in 2014, Taylor took a step back from her music career, instead working in television, getting married and giving birth to her first child. In 2018, it was announced that Kanye West would be producing K.T.S.E, with recording for the album taking place in Wyoming. It is the final of five albums released over consecutive weeks, produced by West in their entirety as a part of the "Wyoming Sessions", following the release of Pusha T's Daytona, West's Ye and Kids See Ghosts with Kid Cudi, and Nas's Nasir. The album features a guest appearance by West, as well as additional vocals by Ty Dolla Sign and Mykki Blanco. A wide variety of record producers collaborated with West on the album, including Mike Dean, Rodney Jerkins, and BoogzDaBeast.
Taylor's and West's efforts resulted in an R&B album that heavily featured soul based productions and sampling. Upon release, Taylor announced that the album was released in an incomplete form, as several tracks were absent due to sample clearance issues. An updated version of K.T.S.E. was announced; however, Taylor appeared on the Breakfast Club and said she will not hold her breath on the album's extended version and she won't make any promises on it.


Pararrhaptica falerniana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It was first described by Lord Walsingham in 1907. It is endemic to the Hawaiian island of Molokai.
Lieutenant Colonel William H. Watson (1808 – September 22, 1846) commanded the Battalion of Baltimore and District of Columbia Volunteers in the Mexican–American War. Prior to that, he had been a captain in the "Independent Blues" Company of the 5th Maryland and served with the West Indies Squadron of the United States Navy against pirates. He was killed in the Battle of Monterrey on September 22, 1846.
DNA-directed RNA polymerase, mitochondrial is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the POLRMT gene.
Kremenchuk Steel Works is located in Kremenchuk, Poltava Oblast, Ukraine. The main activity of the plant is the production of cast parts, freight cars, auto coupling mechanisms, parts for KrAZ vehicles, custom castings for production, and other heavy industry enterprises. The plant was established in 1966.
Balto Star (foaled  March 7, 1998, in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and the winner of the 2003 United Nations Stakes.
Cory Procter (born October 18, 1982) is an American former professional football guard in the National Football League (NFL) for the Detroit Lions, Dallas Cowboys, and Miami Dolphins. He played college football at the University of Montana.
Africano Mande Gedima who now serves as the Commissioner General of the South Sudan Revenue Authority was the Deputy Commissioner General of what was first referred to as National Revenue Authority in South Sudan. He became the first Governor of Maridi State, in the Republic of South Sudan, on 24 December 2015. 
Gedima served as an active duty military officer in the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) and rose up to the rank of a Major General in what is now the South Sudan People's Defense Forces (SSPDF).
Gedima started off in the Military by serving under the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) during the days when the SPLA fought for the liberation of Sudan and subsequently the independence of South Sudan. In the Military, Gedima played a wide range of activities ranging from instruction and combat planning to operations. Gedima, therefore, served in the SPLA in various capacities such as an instructor, Director of Military Research, Director of Planning and Strategy, Secretary for Military Transformation, and in other classified positions. While in the Military,  Mande also served as a part-time lecturer at the University of Juba among others. Africano Mande basically contributed significantly to the ideas and frameworks aimed at transforming the SPLA into what had been referred to as "professional, accountable, affordable and operational effective military.". Mande is known in the South Sudanese Military General Headquarters for his dictum that "the best soldier is one who talks about the next war that he is going to fight not about the war he has already fought."
Petarukan is an urban village in the town of Petarukan, Pemalang Regency, Central Java Province, Indonesia. This villages has an area of 4,59 km² and a population of 21,316 inhabitants in 2022.
Morozoff Limited (モロゾフ株式会社, Morozofu Kabushiki Gaisha) is a confectionery and cake company headquartered in Kobe, Japan.  Since its founding in 1931 by Fedor Dmitrievich Morozoff, a white emigre from Russia, Morozoff has grown and now has 952 restaurants and cafes across Japan.
Morozoff is also well known in Japan as the company that first introduced Valentines Day to the nation. In 1936 it ran an advertisement in the Japan Advertiser (a publication catering to foreigners) with the phrase, “For your Valentine, Make A Present of Morozoff’s Fancy Box Chocolates”. However, it wasn't until after World War II in the 1950s and 60s when the department stores and other manufacturers caught on that Valentines Day truly became a national phenomenon.
Dynamic Chiropractic is a magazine for chiropractors that is indexed by CINAHL. The publisher is MPA Media. A Canadian version exists with modified content. The Canadian version has a readership of 6000, while the American version has a circulation of over 60,000.
Yader Zoli (born October 1, 1975 in Faenza) is an Italian professional mountain biker. He has claimed three Italian national championship titles in men's mountain biking, and later represented his nation Italy in two editions of the Olympic Games (2004 and 2008). Zoli currently trains and races for the 2013 season on the Torpado Surfing Shop pro cycling team, along with Belgian rider and four-time Olympian Roel Paulissen.
Zoli made his official debut at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where he scored a thirty-fifth place in the men's cross-country race with a time of 2:31:39, finishing farther off the podium by seventeen minutes.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Zoli qualified again for his second Italian squad, along with his teammate Marco Aurelio Fontana, in the men's cross-country race by receiving one of the nation's two available berths from the Italian Cycling Federation (Italian: Federazione Ciclistica Italiana, FCI) and the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), based on his best performance at the World Cup series, World and European Championships, and Mountain Biking World Series. Zoli could not upgrade a much stellar ride from Athens, as he decided to pull himself off from a 4.8-km cross-country race course with only a single lap left to complete and a thirtieth-place effort because of bike problems.
Viacheslav Zhukov (born c. 1989) is a Russian professional poker player who has won two World Series of Poker bracelets. Prior to becoming a professional poker player, Zhukov was a geologist in Russia. As of 14 March 2024, he has career earnings of over $1,900,000, where over $1,700,000 has been earned at the World Series of Poker.
Frank Rose may refer to:

Frank Rose (politician) (1857–1928), British MP for Aberdeen North
Frank Atcherley Rose (1873–1935), British specialist in diseases of the throat
Sir Frank Forrester Rose (1878–1955), British Royal Navy Vice Admiral
Frank Rose (chemist) (1909–1988), British chemist
Frank Rose (academic) (1920–1991), American president of the University of Alabama
Frank Clifford Rose (1926–2012), British neurologist
Frank A. Rose, American government official
Frank Rose (journalist), American author and speaker
Joyride is an album by Pieces of a Dream issued in 1986 on Manhattan Records. The album reached No. 3 on the Billboard Traditional Jazz Albums chart and No. 18 on the Billboard Top Soul Albums chart.
The Rabor's forest frog (Platymantis rabori) is a species of frog in the family Ceratobatrachidae. It is endemic to the southern Philippines, where it occurs in the rainforests of Bohol, Leyte, and Mindanao islands.  Scientists have seen it between 300 and 1400 meters above sea level.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
The 2006 European Seniors Tour was the 15th season of the European Seniors Tour, the main professional golf tour in Europe for men aged 50 and over.
Ernesto Horacio Boardman López (born 23 February 1993) is a Mexican competitive archer. He captured the men's team recurve title, alongside his compatriots Juan René Serrano and Luis Álvarez, in a historic final match against the United States at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto, Canada, and eventually competed as a lone male archer at the 2016 Summer Olympics, ending his run in an immediate departure from the initial round.
Boardman was selected to compete as a lone male archer for the Mexican team at the 2016 Summer Olympics, shooting only in the individual recurve tournament. First, he fired off a score of 662 points, including 25 targets of a perfect ten, for the twenty-eight spot against a field of 63 other archers in the qualifying round. Heading to the knockout stage, Boardman bowed out early in the opening round match to his Cuban opponent Adrián Puentes with a score of 4–6.
Ivan Gazidis (born 13 September 1964) is a South African-Greek business executive and former footballer who is currently the President of Kilmer Sports Ventures.  He previously held an executive position at Italian Serie A club AC Milan. In 2024, he's the president of the AS Saint-Étienne since the purchase of the club by Kilmer Sports Ventures.

Valerio Verre (born 11 January  1994) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Serie B club Palermo.
SV Vitesse is a professional football club from Antriòl, Kralendijk on Bonaire in the Caribbean Netherlands, playing at the top level.
The club was founded in 1967 as a split-off from SV Uruguay. In 1973 SV Juventus separated from Vitesse.
Robert A. Geisler (July 19, 1925 – April 7, 1993) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Festus Katuna Mbandeka is a Namibian lawyer and politician who was appointed Namibia's attorney general in Hage Geingob's second term cabinet on March 21, 2020.
Mbandeka is a legal practitioner and was admitted to the profession by the High Court of Namibia in 1997. Prior to his government position, he was the CEO of Communications Regulatory Authority of Namibia from September 2015 to March 2020. In the past, he also worked for the Office of the Attorney General, sat on the board of directors of the Namibia Diamond Trading Company, and was the legal advisor for Namibia's tech-com giant Mobile Telecommunication Company (MTC).
Helmut Mertens (also known as "Pitt") (11 November 1917 – 17 January 1984) was a German fighter ace of World War II. He was born in Essen and served in the Luftwaffe as a career fighter pilot who served in the Battle of France, Battle of Britain, the invasion of Russia Operation Barbarossa and on the Western Front in the Defence of the Reich. His victory tally as a fighter pilot is reported as high as ninety-seven or as few as fifty-four aircraft confirmed shot down.
Torquato Conti (1591–1636) was an Italian military commander who served as a General-Field Marshal of the Holy Roman Empire during the Thirty Years' War. His barbarous treatment of defenceless villagers earned him the nickname, The Devil. He later became a nobleman and was made Duke of Guadagnolo and Gonfalonier of the Church by Pope Urban VIII.
Drew McDonald (born September 9, 1996) is an American former basketball player. He played college basketball for the Northern Kentucky Norse. McDonald was named the conference's Player of the Year in 2019.
Born in the Cincinnati area to a high school basketball coach and growing up in the suburb of Cold Spring, Kentucky, McDonald was lightly recruited by NCAA Division I programs and unranked by recruiting services despite being a finalist for Kentucky's Mr. Basketball award at Newport Central Catholic High School. In four seasons at Northern Kentucky University (NKU), he has become the school's all-time leader in points and rebounds, and has also been called "the on-court catalyst ushering in the Division I era of Norse Athletics" by Premier Sports Management, the administrator of the annual Senior CLASS Awards in multiple NCAA sports.
Uricemia may refer to:

Hyperuricemia
Hypouricemia
Uric acid
Duke's Dock is a dock on the River Mersey, England, and part of the Port of Liverpool. It is in the southern dock system, connected to Salthouse Dock and Wapping Dock to the east. The Albert Dock is located immediately north, although not directly accessible by water.
John Carr was an English player of English billiards. He was known as an early exponent of the use of side in billiards, and for playing billiards matches for money in the 19th century.
Mo hom or mor hom (Thai: หม้อห้อม, RTGS: mohom, pronounced [mɔ̂ː.hɔ̂m]) is a traditional Thai fabric or shirt made from the fabric. The shirt is a short-sleeved and round-necked with no collar or lapel,  usually dark blue or black. The word mo hom comes from northern Thai language: mo means 'pot' and hom refers to the indigo plant, with its trunk and leaves placed water to produce the deep blue dye.
Mars One (Portuguese: Marte Um) is a 2022 Brazilian family drama film written and directed by Gabriel Martins. It tells the story of Deivinho (Cícero Lucas), a Black Brazilian youth who dreams of becoming an astrophysicist and joining a mission to the planet Mars. Deivinho's parents and sister are hard-working and support each other but live precariously on the outskirts of Belo Horizonte. The film dramatizes the social upheaval amongst Brazil's poor that greeted the election of populist Jair Bolsonaro.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and had a successful run at smaller film festivals, including jury wins at the L.A. Outfest and Nashville Film Festival. It was chosen as Brazil's entry in the 95th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated. It is distributed by ARRAY Releasing and went into wide release on Netflix (only in the USA) in January 2023.
The Foreign Exchange is an R&B/electronica/hip hop duo consisting of the American rapper/singer Phonte and the Dutch record producer Nicolay.


The Tall Tales of Jim Bridger is an American historical drama television series, which aired on the INSP network from January 11 to March 14, 2024.
The series was initially renewed for a second season in April 2024, but INSP later reversed its order and canceled the series after one season.
"Beautiful Pain" is a song by Eminem featuring Sia, appearing as a bonus track on his 2013 album The Marshall Mathers LP 2, marking the first collaboration between the two musicians. They further collaborated on the song Guts Over Fear from Eminem's 2014 compilation album SHADYXV. Billboard described the song as an "emo-punched rap ballad", and one of Eminem's best collaborations with a female artist. In 2014, Spin ranked the song number 264 out of Eminem's 289 songs released to date.
Kevin McCarthy is a United States representative from California and the former speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Before entering electoral politics, he served on the staff of Congressman Bill Thomas and was chair of the Young Republican National Federation between 1999 and 2001. He won his first election in 2000, being elected to represent Area 3 of the Kern Community College District Board of Trustees, and would later go on to be elected to the California State Assembly in 2002 and the U.S. House of Representatives in 2006.
Endoxyla coscinota is a moth in the family Cossidae. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
Temple Adath Israel (transliterated from Hebrew as "Congregation of Israel": 138 ) is a Reform Jewish congregation and synagogue, located at 429 Daviess Street, in Owensboro, Kentucky, in the United States.
The congregation was formed in 1858.: 152 
Built in 1877,: 138  the Moorish Revival façade of the modest building features a Gothic Revival-arched door flanked by a pair of Gothic-arched windows punctuated by four pilasters.  These are surmounted with molded capitals and fanciful embellishments and the whole is topped by a whimsical row of four, small, onion domed turrets.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in March 1986. It is among the oldest synagogue buildings in the United States.
Joel Jansson (10 July 1924 to 15 February 2018) was an international motorcycle speedway rider from Sweden.
"A Question" is a short poem by Robert Frost, first published in 1942 in A Witness Tree.
The Suffolk & Essex Coast & Heaths National Landscape is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in Suffolk and Essex, England.
The AONB covers ancient woodland, commercial forestry, the estuaries of the Alde, Blyth, Deben, Orwell and Stour rivers, farmland, salt marsh, heathland, mudflats, reed beds, small towns and villages, shingle beaches and low eroding cliffs along 60 miles of coastline.
Features include the coastal towns of Aldeburgh and Southwold, Bawdsey, Covehithe, Dunwich, Minsmere, Orford, Orford Ness, Sizewell, Thorpeness, Walberswick and the RSPB Minsmere Reserve. There are three National Nature Reserves in the area and many Sites of Special Scientific Interest. Three long-distance footpaths pass through the AONB: the Suffolk Coast Path, the Sandlings Walk and the Stour and Orwell Walk.
In July 2020 the AONB was extended by around 38 square kilometres to cover land north of Brantham, and an area around Mistley and Wrabness in Essex. It was the first extension to any AONB in England since 2011.
Filotheos Theodoropoulos (Greek: Φιλόθεος Θεοδώροπουλος) born Dimitrios Theodoropoulos (Greek: Δημήτριος Θεοδώροπουλος) (1963 in Kato Nevrokopi) is, since 2019, the Bishop of Rogoi, assistant bishop of the Archbishopric of Athens.
Rush Township is the name of some places in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania:

Rush Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania
Rush Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
Rush Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
Rush Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Rush Township, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
This is a list of former municipal bus companies of the United Kingdom and a brief description of their fate, with the exception of the several municipals which disappeared in 1968 and 1974 with the formation of the PTE bus operations.
Of the remaining municipals, post-1986 many were sold off or collapsed during bus deregulation, which required their separation into stand-alone arm's-length companies.
Only a handful of municipal operators remain, with some securing their futures with equity partnership deals with private operators. Of the remaining operators, Cardiff Bus, Lothian Buses and Nottingham City Transport are the largest.
Albert Johansson (born 4 January 2001) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Banana Ridge is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Walter C. Mycroft and starring Robertson Hare, Alfred Drayton and Isabel Jeans. The film is based on a 1938 stage play of the same name by Ben Travers. It was made at Welwyn Studios. Michael Denison accompanied his wife Dulcie Gray for her screen test for the film, which led some years later to his casting in his breakthrough role in My Brother Jonathan. The film was a success at the box office. Hare and Drayton appeared together in another comedy Women Aren't Angels the following year.
Two colleagues come to worry that a mysterious young man may be their son from liaisons with the same woman during the First World War. They are persuaded to give him a job at "Banana Ridge" one of the company's rubber plantations in the Malay States. The young man's romance with the bosses' daughter threatens this plan, as does his mother's plan to reveal who is his real father.
Stagonopleura is a genus of small seed-eating birds in the family Estrildidae that are native to Australia.
The species are similar in appearance, with short red bills, brown upperparts, red rumps and uppertail coverts, and barred or spotted underparts. The informal name of firetails refers to the rich crimson colour at the rump, a prominent characteristic of the genus.
AX3 or AX-3, may refer to:

Axiom Mission 3 (Ax-3), a space mission for paying passengers
Aeolus AX3, a subcompact crossover SUV
AX-3: Interfight, a 1982 videogame; see List of Project EGG games
AX-3 (character), a fictional character from Golgo 13; see List of Golgo 13 episodes
Ax 3 Domaines, Ax-les-Thermes, Ariège, France; a winter sports resort
The Third Air Force (Air Forces Europe) (3 AF) is a numbered air force of the United States Air Forces in Europe - Air Forces Africa (USAFE-AFAFRICA). Its headquarters is Ramstein Air Base, Germany. It is responsible for all U.S. air forces in Europe and Africa, and operations and support activities in the U.S. European Command and U.S. Africa Command's areas of responsibility.
It also has a unique mission as the U.S. military's primary liaison to the British government, which is conducted through the command's 3 AF-UK headquarters at RAF Mildenhall, England.
One of the four original pre–World War II numbered air forces, it was established on 26 March 1941, at Tampa, Florida with a mission of air defense of the Southeastern United States and Gulf Coast regions. During the war, its primary mission became the organization and training of combat units prior to their deployment to the overseas combat air forces. Several airfields are associated with the Third Air Force.
This is a list of American television-related events in 1930.
Marie-Louise Loubet (1843–1925) was the wife of the President of France Émile Loubet. 
She was reportedly not interested in participating in representation but did so anyway, hosting garden parties and accompanying her spouse to the theatre and opera. Her daughter performed many of her tasks. She was however reportedly somewhat interested in diplomacy and once referred to as the presidential adviser in foreign policy.
She received the Grand Cordon of the Order of Charity of the Ottoman Empire in early 1900.
When Marie Curie was invited to the Elysée palace this happened:

In the course of the evening, a lady came up to Marie and said, "Would you like me to present you to the king of Greece."  Marie innocently and politely replied, "I don't really think so.  I don't see the utility of it."  The lady was shocked and Marie suddenly realized that it was Madame Loubet.  She blushed, and said quickly, "But-but, naturally, I shall do whatever you please.  Just as you please, Madame, just as you please."


The Odessa File is a thriller by English writer Frederick Forsyth, first published in 1972, about the adventures of a young German reporter attempting to discover the location of a former SS concentration-camp commander.
The name ODESSA is an acronym for the German phrase "Organisation der ehemaligen SS-Angehörigen", which translates as "Organisation of Former Members of the SS". The novel alleges that ODESSA was an international Nazi organisation established before the defeat of Nazi Germany for the purpose of protecting former members of the SS after the war.
Hande Erçel (born 24 November 1993) is a Turkish actress. She is best known for her roles in Güneşin Kızları, Aşk Laftan Anlamaz and Sen Çal Kapımı.


Robertsdale is an unincorporated community in Wood Township in southern Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is situated on Broad Top Mountain near the eastern slope.
Chionides (Greek: Χιονίδης or Χιωνίδης) an Athenian comic poet of the 5th century BC, contemporary of Magnes. The Suda says that Chionides flourished eight years before the Greco-Persian Wars, that is, 487 BC. But Augustus Meineke thinks that Chionides flourished no earlier than 460 BC.  In confirmation of this date he quotes from Athenaeus, who quoted a fragment of Chionides' Πτωχοί (Beggars), which mentions Gnesippus, a poet contemporary with Cratinus. Aristotle also notes that Chionides "lived long after Epicharmus". But Athenaeus also noted that some critics at the time regarded Chionides' Πτωχοί as spurious. Similarly, some scholars (e.g. Heinrich Ritter) strongly argue against the genuineness of Aristotle's observations.
Titles of his comedies:

Ἥρωες (Heroes), The Heroes
Πτωχοί (Ptochoi), Poor People, or Beggars
Πέρσαι (Persai), The Persians, or Ἁσσυριοι (Assyrioi), The Assyrians
The Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act (GLBA), also known as the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, (Pub. L.Tooltip Public Law (United States) 106–102 (text) (PDF), 113 Stat. 1338, enacted November 12, 1999) is an act of the 106th United States Congress (1999–2001). It repealed part of the Glass–Steagall Act of 1933, removing barriers in the market among banking companies, securities companies, and insurance companies that prohibited any one institution from acting as any combination of an investment bank, a commercial bank, and an insurance company. With the passage of the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, commercial banks, investment banks, securities firms, and insurance companies were allowed to consolidate. Furthermore, it failed to give to the SEC or any other financial regulatory agency the authority to regulate large investment bank holding companies. The legislation was signed into law by President Bill Clinton.
A year before the law was passed, Citicorp, a commercial bank holding company, merged with the insurance company Travelers Group in 1998 to form the conglomerate Citigroup, a corporation combining banking, securities and insurance services under a house of brands that included Citibank, Smith Barney, Primerica, and Travelers. Because this merger was a violation of the Glass–Steagall Act and the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, the Federal Reserve gave Citigroup a temporary waiver in September 1998. Less than a year later, GLBA was passed to legalize these types of mergers on a permanent basis. The law also repealed Glass–Steagall's conflict of interest prohibitions "against simultaneous service by any officer, director, or employee of a securities firm as an officer, director, or employee of any member bank."


WCWL-LP (103.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious format as an affiliate of Radio 74 Internationale. Licensed to Clearwater Lake, Wisconsin, United States, the station is currently owned by Northern Lakes Radio, Inc.
Jelena Dokic was the defending champion, but lost in semifinals to Kim Clijsters.
Serena Williams won the title by defeating Kim Clijsters 2–6, 6–3, 6–3 in the final.
Archives of Oral Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering oral and craniofacial research in all vertebrates, including work in palaeontology and comparative anatomy. It was established in 1959 and is published by Elsevier. The editors-in-chief are currently S. W. Cadden (University of Dundee) and F. T. Lundy (Queen's University Belfast).
Ciche may refer to the following places in Poland:

Ciche, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
Ciche, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
A chalet (pronounced  SHAL-ay in British English; in American English usually  shal-AY), also called Swiss chalet, is a type of building or house, typical of the Alpine region in Europe. It is made of wood, with a heavy, gently sloping roof and wide, well-supported eaves set at right angles to the front of the house.


Sonata de otoño is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa for Telesistema Mexicano in 1966.
General Sutton may refer to:

Francis Arthur Sutton (1884–1944), British-born National Revolutionary Army major general for Chinese warlord Zhang Zuolin
Hugh Sutton (1867–1928), British Army major general
Loree Sutton (born 1959), U.S. Army brigadier general
Richard Sutton (British Army officer) (1674–1737), British Army lieutenant general
The Revolutionary War Cemetery, also called the Old Salem Burying Ground, is located on Archibald Street, just off state highway NY 22 in the village of Salem, New York, United States. It is a 2.6-acre (1.1 ha) area with over a thousand graves, at least 100 of which are those of Revolutionary War dead or veterans .
The cemetery was established prior to the war, but became known as a burial ground for casualties of the conflict when many were buried there, particularly after the nearby Battle of Saratoga, when a hundred bodies were reportedly put in one mass grave. More of the conflict's dead are buried here than in any other graveyard in Washington County, and possibly the state. The cemetery has suffered some neglect over the years, but that has slowly been reversed since it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
OCT station (simplified Chinese: 华侨城站; traditional Chinese: 華僑城站; pinyin: Huáqiáochéng zhàn; Jyutping: Waa4 Kiu4 Sing4 Zaam6), also referred to as Overseas Chinese Town station in English, and formerly known as Huaqiaocheng station, is a station on Line 1 of the Shenzhen Metro. It opened on 28 December 2004. It is located underground at Shennan Dadao (深南大道), near Shenzhen Bay Hotel (深圳湾大酒店; 深圳灣大酒店), in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China. The station is named after Overseas Chinese Town. It is also located close to Splendid China Folk Village and China Folk Culture Village.
Henricosbornia is an extinct genus of henricosborniid notoungulate that lived from the Late Paleocene to the Middle Eocene of what is now Argentina and Brazil.
Mirante da Serra is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rondônia. Its population was 10,818 (2020) and its area is 1,192 km².
Roberto Simón Marina (born 28 August 1961) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Over 11 seasons, he amassed La Liga totals of 265 games and 45 goals, with Atlético Madrid and Mallorca.
The following is a list of NTC-licensed radio stations in Metro Manila, a region of the Philippines,  current as of 2024. The tables can be sorted by call sign, branding, frequency, location, owner, languages and radio format. Also included below are defunct radio stations and Internet-only stations.
This is a list of aviators by nickname.
The Cambridge Dodgers were a "Class D" Minor League Baseball team, based in Cambridge, Maryland that played in the Eastern Shore League from 1946 to 1949 as an affiliate of the Brooklyn Dodgers. Before World War II, they were an affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals from 1937 to 1941 as the Cambridge Cardinals. A previous version of the team, the Cambridge Canners, played from 1922 to 1928.
Don Zimmer's first pro team were the 1949 Cambridge Dodgers; he remained in a baseball uniform until his death in 2014, most recently as a senior advisor to the Tampa Bay Rays. (Zimmer's teammate in Cambridge, Joe Pignatano, also played in the major leagues and was a coach for many years thereafter.)
Alfred Drabits (born 6 April 1959) is a retired Austrian footballer who played as a forward.
Lomonosovsky Prospekt is an avenue in Moscow, Russia. It runs from Vavilova Street in the east (continuing Nakhimovsky Prospekt) to Mosfilmovskaya Street in the west (after which it continues as Minskaya Street).
The street was named in 1956 after Mikhail Lomonosov, a Russian scientist and active contributor to the founding of Moscow State University whose new campus had been by then constructed in the vicinity of the avenue.
As part of the cancelled Fourth Ring Road (ru), Lomonosovsky Prospekt is a busy chord connecting radial streets, with major crossings such as Leninsky Prospekt and Prospekt Vernadskogo (Moscow).
The avenue is serviced by two metro stations, Universitet, built in 1959, and another one, bearing the same name as the avenue, that opened in March 2017.
Mary Faherty (born 16 January 1960) is an Irish judge who has served as a Judge of the Court of Appeal since November 2019. She previously served as a Judge of the High Court, a Judge of the United Nations Appeals Tribunal from 2011 to 2016 and a Judge of the Circuit Court from 2002 to 2014. 
She began her career as a barrister and served as the Chairperson of the Employment Appeals Tribunal. She was subsequently appointed to the bench of the Circuit Court and the Mahon Tribunal, before being elevated to the High Court. She was a member of the United Nations Appeals Tribunal between 2011 and 2016, serving as its president from 2013 to 2014.
Thomas's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus thomasi) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae. It is found in China, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.


The 2021 Junior Pan American Games (Spanish: Juegos Panamericanos Junior 2021) was the first edition of the Junior Pan American Games, an international multi-sports event for athletes aged 17 to 22 in the Americas, organized by Panam Sports. It was held in Cali and Valle, Colombia between November 25 to December 5, 2021.


The statue of Milan Rastislav Štefánik (Czech: Socha Milana Rastislava Štefánika) is an outdoor sculpture by Bohumil Kafka, installed outside Štefánik's Observatory on Petřín in Prague, Czech Republic.
Szwederowo is a district of the city of Bydgoszcz, Poland, located on its southern territory. Szwederowo population is the second largest of all Bydgoszcz districts.
Pat Schmatz (born ca. 1960) is an American author of young adult fiction and middle grade fiction, best known for their James Tiptree Jr. Award winning novel Lizard Radio. Other of their well-known and award-winning works include Bluefish and The Key to Every Thing.
Gravity Rush 2, known in Japan as Gravity Daze 2, is a 2017 action-adventure game developed by Japan Studio's Team Gravity division and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. The sequel to Gravity Rush, the game was released for the PlayStation 4 in January 2017. Directed by Keiichiro Toyama, the core mechanic of the game is the player's ability to manipulate gravity, allowing unique movements and navigation. The game follows Kat, a gravity-shifting teenage girl and super-heroine, after she is drawn from her home of Hekseville into another universe and must liberate the citizens of Jirga Para Lhao from its evil rulers.
Caelostomus abruptus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae. It was described by Karl Jordan in 1894.
This species is found in Indonesia.
Robert Buckner Claytor (February 27, 1922 – April 9, 1993) was an American railroad administrator. He became President of the Norfolk and Western Railway in 1981 and was instrumental in the merger of the Southern Railway and the Norfolk & Western in 1982. He was the first chairman and CEO of the new Norfolk Southern, and is credited with locating the headquarters of the Fortune 500 company in Norfolk, Virginia, within sight of the massive coal pier at Lambert's Point on the Elizabeth River at Hampton Roads. 
Robert B. Claytor is best remembered by many railfans for continuing the Southern's steam program, which went on to rebuild steam locomotives J class No. 611 and A class No. 1218 and operated excursion trips. He occasionally took the helm as engineer with his brother, W. Graham Claytor Jr., who had been president of Southern Railway (U.S.) and later, CEO of Amtrak.
He was the son of W. Graham Claytor (1886-1971), who as vice president of Appalachian Power Company supervised the construction of the dam and creation of a 4,500 acre (18 km2), 21 mile (34 km) long lake on the New River at Claytor Lake State Park in Virginia, and of Gertrude Harris Boatwright Claytor, a poet. One of his brothers, W. Graham Claytor Jr. (1912-1994), was president of the Southern Railway from 1967 to 1977, a United States Deputy Secretary of Defense and Secretary of the Navy from 1977 to 1979 under President Jimmy Carter, an acting U.S. Secretary of Transportation in the cabinet of President Carter in 1979, and president of Amtrak from 1982 until 1993.
Robert B. Claytor died of cancer on April 9, 1993, at his home in Norfolk.
"The Claytor Brothers: Virginians Building America's Railroad" is a semi-permanent exhibit at the Virginia Museum of Transportation in Roanoke, Virginia.
The Pleșa is a right tributary of the river Timiș in Romania. It flows into the Timiș near Prisaca. Its length is 13 km (8.1 mi) and its basin size is 17 km2 (6.6 sq mi).
Events from the year 1847 in Scotland.
Atta-Ur-Rehman (Urdu: عطا الرحمن), born 25 July 1965) is a Pakistani politician currently serving as Senator.
The son of Mufti Mehmood, former Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and the younger brother of Fazl-ur-Rehman, he is the vice-president of JUI (F).
He also served as federal Minister of Tourism from 2008 to 2010 during the PPP government.
Leave 'Em Laughing is a 1928 two-reel silent film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. Produced by the Hal Roach Studios, it was shot in October 1927 and released January 28, 1928 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Ernestynów may refer to the following places in Poland:

Ernestynów, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Ernestynów, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Ernestynów, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Anderson Correia de Barros (born 6 May 1991), commonly known as Anderson Correia (Greek: Άντερσον Κορέια), is a professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Cypriot First Division club Aris Limassol. Born in Brazil, he represents Cyprus at international level.
Teresa Grillo Michel (25 September 1855 – 25 January 1944), born as Teresa Grillo and also known by her religious name Maria Antonia, was an Italian Roman Catholic nun and the founder of the Little Sisters of Divine Providence. Grillo was a widow who also part of the Third Order of Saint Francis; she entered the religious life following the death of her husband. Grillo studied in Turin and Lodi before returning to her hometown Alessandria where she married. But her husband died sometime later leaving her in a deep depression that came a call to help the poor. Grillo founded a religious congregation that would expand into Latin America and she would also maintain contact with important individuals such as Luigi Orione and Clelia Merloni both of whom she befriended.
Her beatification was celebrated in Turin in mid-1998.


Active Measures may refer to: 

Active measures, political warfare conducted by the Russian or Soviet government
Active Measures (film), a 2018 documentary film about Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election
"Active Measures" (Homeland), a 2018 TV episode
"Active Measures", a 2015 episode of NCIS: Los Angeles
Active Measures: The Secret History of Disinformation and Political Warfare, a book
Nové Sedlo may refer to places in the Czech Republic:

Nové Sedlo (Louny District), a municipality and village in the Ústí nad Labem Region
Nové Sedlo (Sokolov District), a town in the Karlovy Vary Region
The Merizo Conbento is a historic building on Guam Route 4 in Merizo, Guam.  Built in 1856, it is the oldest known occupied building on the island.  It is a two-story concrete and ifil-wood structure with a gabled corrugated-metal roof, and a large set of concrete stairs leading to the main level above a raised basement.  The present-day exterior is a faithful representation of the building's original appearance (with the exception of the roofing material, and original walls of manposteria (coral mixed with lime) remain inside the structure.  It was built as a parish house for the local Roman Catholic diocese, and saw use as a military post and prison during the Japanese occupation period during World War II.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Sympoliteia (Greek: Συμπολιτεία) is a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Aigialeia, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 85.505 km2. Population 6,162 (2021). The seat of the municipality was in Rododafni.
Aruanda is a 1960 Brazilian documentary short film by Linduarte Noronha, about the remnants from a former quilombo in the backlands of Paraíba State.
In the 2010s it was voted number 95 on the Abraccine Top 100 Brazilian films list and also number 10 in the documentary list.
Shriniwas Joshi (born 11 May 1936) is a columnist, theatre artist, and retired civil servant from Himachal Pradesh, India. As a columnist, Joshi is especially known for his column 'Vignettes' in the Indian English daily The Tribune, through which he has documented people, history, places, and idiosyncratic things all across Himachal Pradesh. As a theatre figure, he has been associated for decades with Shimla's historic Gaiety Theatre, for which he has written, acted in, and directed a number of plays. As a retired civil servant, Joshi has been active in various civic causes in Shimla, including heritage conservation, environmental protection, and the promotion of arts.
Kerim Afşar (13 August 1930 – 26 September 2003) was a Turkish actor who played various roles in theater, movies and TV series. During his career, the actor also directed several movies and also played as voice actor in some of his movies.
Henry Edward Chaney OBE (5 August 1882 – 27 February 1919) was a British sports shooter. and inventor of the first practical gun camera
Autódromo Guadalajara is a 2.414 km (1.500 mi) motorsport venue located south of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, near Guadalajara International Airport. The racetrack was opened in 1993.
In the autodrome, "arrancones" races are regularly held on the main straight of the circuit.
Bulbophyllum siederi is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae.
Edson Airport (IATA: YET, ICAO: CYET) is located within the town of Edson, Alberta, Canada. It does not serve any passenger flights.
This is a list of islands of Iceland. It includes all islands larger than 1 km2, as well as a number of smaller islands that are considered significant either because they are or used to be inhabited, or for specific historical, geographical or geological reasons. Thousands of other small islands and skerries are found along the coast, especially in Breiðafjörður.
The areas of some of these islands may vary comparatively rapidly due to volcanic activity and subsequent action by the sea. In the case of the groups of islands in Breiðafjörður, no area is listed. This is because measurement of the smaller islands is made difficult by a large tidal range of up to six metres.
The 1988–89 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Walter Antonio Martínez Hernández (born December 14, 1967) is a Nicaraguan sport shooter. Martinez made his official debut at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where he placed forty-fourth in the men's 10 m air rifle, with a score of 566 points.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Martinez was given the privilege and honor of carrying the national flag at the opening ceremony. He competed again for the second time in the 10 m air rifle, where he placed last again out of forty-six shooters in the qualifying rounds, with a slightly improved score of 571 points.
Martinez made a comeback from his eight-year absence at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he competed this time in two rifle shooting events. He placed fiftieth in the men's 10 m air rifle, with a total score of 569 points. Few days later, Martinez competed for his second event, 50 m rifle prone, where he placed fifty-fifth in the qualifying rounds, with a total score of 576 points, just one target ahead from his last attempt of Egypt's Hazem Mohamed.
Burke is an Anglo-Norman Irish surname. Burke family may refer to:

House of Burgh, an Anglo-Norman noble family
Burkes, an Australian political family
Burke family (Castlebar), a 21st century Irish family known for high-profile legal cases and protests
Fields is an announced planned community in Frisco, Texas, situated on a 2,544-acre site along the Dallas North Tollway, Preston Road, and US 380. Along with housing, office and retail space, parks and a hotel, within Fields will be the new home of PGA of America's headquarters, and the Frisco campus for the University of North Texas. 


Parsix GNU/Linux was a live-CD Linux distribution based on Debian. The Parsix project's goal was to provide a ready-to-use, easy-to-install, desktop and laptop-optimized operating system based on Debian's testing branch and the latest stable release of GNOME. It was possible to install extra software packages from the project's own APT repositories.
In 2017, the official website announced the shutdown of the project, and suggested users switch to Debian Stretch.
The 2017–18 Penn Quakers women's basketball team represents the University of Pennsylvania during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Quakers, led by ninth year head coach Mike McLaughlin, play their home games at the Palestra and were members of the Ivy League. They finished the season 22–9, 11–3 to finish in second place. They advanced to the championship game of the Ivy League women's tournament where they lost to Princeton. They received an automatic trip to the Women's National Invitation Tournament where they defeated Albany in the first before losing to St. John's in the second round.
John Paul Flynn (born August 30, 1993) is a former American football offensive lineman. He played college football at Montana State.
Foissac is the name of 2 communes in France:

Foissac, in the Aveyron department
Foissac, in the Gard department
Louise Meijer (born 14 August 1990 in Jönköping) is a Swedish politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2018. Louise Meijer named Lawyer of the Year in 2017.
The lumia (Citrus lumia Risso. & Poit., or Citrus aurantiifolia (Christm. et Panz.) Swingle var. lumia hort.) is also called the pear lemon (Citrus × lumia 'pyriformis'), since its shape resembles a pear. It is also called French lime and sometimes sweet lemon, even though it is not necessarily sweet.

In German, the lumia is called Birnenlimone, Patriarch-Citrone, Süsse Limone or Birnenlumie; in French it is called Poire du commandeur. In Chinese it is called Lu mi (露蜜), in Japanese Rumii (ル ミー), Vietnamese, Chanh Pháp.
The fruit resembles a pear in shape, has a thick peel and is not very juicy. Like a citron, it can grow to a formidable size.
Christos Socrates Mantzoros is a Greek American physician-scientist, practicing internist-endocrinologist, teacher and researcher. He is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and an adjunct professor at Boston University School of Medicine. He currently serves as the chief of endocrinology, diabetes and metabolism at the VA Boston Healthcare System, where he created de novo a leading academic division true to its tripartite mission and as the founding director of human nutrition at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC), Harvard Medical School. Finally, he holds the editor-in-chief position of the journal Metabolism: Clinical and Experimental.
In the past, Mantzoros has also served as a professor of environmental health at the Harvard School of Public Health, associate fellowship program director at BIDMC and later as endocrinology, diabetes and metabolism founding fellowship program director at the Boston VA Healthcare System.
A practicing internist, endocrinologist and dedicated educator, he is considered a pioneer and worldwide expert in obesity and metabolism. He has given more than 600 lectures nationally and internationally on these critical topics. His research has resulted in more than 1.000 publications in total, i.e. 700 publications under his name in Medline in addition to more than 200 publications under the collaborative Look Ahead Research Group and more than 290 chapters and reviews or editorials. His work has received more than 165,000 citations, with an h-index of 155 and an i10-index of 611 (Google Scholar).
The Layton Building is a historic commercial building at 1110 Mill Street in downtown Yellville, Arkansas.  Built in 1906, this rusticated stone two-story building is one of the largest in Marion County.  It has five irregularly-sized bays on the first floor and six on the second.  The entrances to the storefronts are set inward at a 45-degree angle.  There are decorative metal cornices between the floors and at the roof line.  The building's original commercial tenants were the Bank of Yellville and the Layton Department Store; the bank's vault is still in the building.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Troitsk (Russian: Тро́ицк) is a town in Troitsky Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia, located on the Desna River 37 kilometers (23 mi) southwest from the center of Moscow on the Kaluzhskoye Highway. Population: 39,873 (2010 Census); 32,653 (2002 Census); 29,301 (1989 Soviet census).
The Hundred and One Dalmatians is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith about the kidnapping of a family of Dalmatian puppies. It was originally serialized in Woman's Day as The Great Dog Robbery, and details the adventures of two dalmatians named Pongo and Missis as they rescue their puppies from a fur farm. A 1967 sequel, The Starlight Barking, continues from the end of the novel.
The apostolic constitution Romanos Pontifices, by Pope Leo XIII, was issued 8 May 1881, and defined the relations in England and Scotland between bishops and members of religious institutes. This constitution was later extended to the United States (25 September 1885), to Canada (14 March 1911), to South America (1 January 1900), to the Philippine Islands (1 January 1910), and quite generally to missionary countries.
Gun Crazy 3: The Big Gundown (叛逆者の狂詩曲(ラプソディー, GUN CRAZY Episode-3　叛逆者の狂詩曲, Gun Crazy 3: Traitor's Rhapsody) is a 2003 Japanese action movie, starring Kasumi Nakane. A sequel to Gun Crazy: A Woman from Nowhere, it was also directed by Atsushi Muroga.
Sembattai (transl. Red) is a 2012 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by I. Ganesh and starring Dhileepan (previously credited as Bala), Sreejit and Gowri Nambiar.
The film's lead actor, Dhileepan died a week after the film's release.
Uncial 0277 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 7th or 8th century.
Painful Thing is an EP by English alternative rock band Catherine Wheel, released in May 1991 on Wilde Club Records. The EP was mixed by Simon Davey at Purple Rain Studios in Norfolk.
The EP was released on CD and 12" vinyl and limited to 2,000 copies of each.
The songs were later rerecorded for the band's debut studio album, Ferment (1992).
A megagon or 1,000,000-gon (million-gon) is a polygon with one million sides (mega-, from the Greek μέγας, meaning "great", being a unit prefix denoting a factor of one million).
The Women's Organization of Cape Verde (also known as OMCV) is a Cape Verdean non-governmental organization dedicated to defending women's rights and promoting gender equality. It is recognized as the first feminist association in the country. Among its founders are women like Josefina Chantre and Paula Fortes.
Although it began its activity years earlier, the association was officially founded on March 27, 1981, the date that came to mark Cape Verdean Women's Day. The OMCV began its activity as part of the African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde (PAICV) movement. With the support of the government in power at the time, the OMCV was fundamental for the inclusion of women's rights in legislative work plans, being seen as a catalyst for the Family Code and the Abortion Decriminalization Law, approved in the 1980s. Furthermore, it was linked to the implementation of several social development policies, such as the maternal and child protection program and family planning, as well as the implementation of the network of kindergartens in the archipelago.
Giacomo Serra may refer to:

Jaume Serra i Cau (died 1517), Spanish Valencian cardinal
Giacomo Serra (cardinal) (1570-1623), Roman Catholic cardinal
Giacomo Serra (sport shooter) (1893–?), Italian sports shooter at the 1924 Olympics
Henry Peart (born 1889) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half.
Open Data Buffalo is the open data program developed under the administration of Mayor Byron W. Brown in Buffalo, New York. The initiative is a commitment to proactively release high-quality, updated "publishable City data" through a centralized portal in machine-readable formats, fully accessible and freely available in the public domain. Open Data Buffalo is an official City program designed to foster transparency, innovation, accountability, and efficiency.
Aaron Halfaker (; born December 27, 1983) is a principal applied scientist at Microsoft Research. He previously served as a research scientist at the Wikimedia Foundation until 2020.
Farrimond is an English surname, derived from the Norman name Faramund. Notable people with the surname include:

Arthur Farrimond (1893–1978), British athlete
Bill Farrimond (1903–1979), English cricketer
Richard Farrimond (born 1947), British engineer and astronaut
Syd Farrimond (1940–2022), English footballer
Officially the AIDS-HIV pandemic came to Iraq via contaminated blood in 1986, with haemophiliacs being the primary victims.  Over the decades, educational and treatment initiatives have been slowed by prevailing cultural values as well as severe economic hardships brought about by sanctions and war.
Drakensang: The River of Time is a role-playing video game developed by Radon Labs. Drakensang TROT is the second video game in The Dark Eye-universe since Attic's Northlands Trilogy from the 1990s (Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny, Realms of Arkania: Star Trail and Realms of Arkania: Shadows over Riva).
Campodea linsleyi is a species of two-pronged bristletail in the family Campodeidae.
Sir John Robert Hills,  (29 July 1954 – 21 December 2020) was a British academic, latterly professor of Social Policy at the London School of Economics. He acted as director of the ESRC Research Centre for the Analysis of Social Exclusion from 1997. His work focused on inequality, and the role of social policy over the life course.
897 Naval Air Squadron (897 NAS) was a Naval Air Squadron of the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm.
Bertholdia myosticta is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1897. It is found in Mexico, Costa Rica and Venezuela.
National Bank of Egypt Sporting Club (Arabic: نادي البنك الأهلي المصري الرياضي) is an Egyptian football club based in Cairo. The club was founded in 1951.
The National Bank of Egypt SC is mainly known for its professional football team, which currently plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the highest tier in the Egyptian football league system.
Community Consolidated School District 181 (D181), also known as Hinsdale Elementary School District 181 or Hinsdale-Clarendon Hills District 181, is a school district headquartered in Clarendon Hills, Illinois. In addition to a portion of Clarendon Hills, the district boundaries include Hinsdale and portions of Burr Ridge and Oak Brook. It is in DuPage County.


This article lists orbital and suborbital launches planned for the second half of the year 2023, including launches planned for 2023 without a specific launch date.
For all other spaceflight activities, see 2023 in spaceflight. For launches in the first half of 2023, see List of spaceflight launches in January–June 2023. For launches in 2024, see List of spaceflight launches in January–June 2024.
The Northern Plains Grassland (NPGL) is an open, shrubby temperate grassland community located in northern Victoria straddling the Murray Darling Depression and Wimmera, extending to the Riverina and South Western Slopes regions in southern New South Wales. Floristically rich, the area features 30 native plant species per 100 m2. 
The community is listed as threatened under Victoria’s Flora and Fauna Guarantee (FFG) Act 1998. Three vegetation communities exist within: Plains Grassland, Chenopod Grassland and Plains Savannah.
The Governorate of New Andalusia (Spanish: Gobernación de Nueva Andalucía, pronounced [ɡoβeɾnaˈθjon de ˈnweβa andaluˈθi.a]) was a Spanish colonial entity in what today constitutes the Caribbean coastal territories from Central America, Colombia and Venezuela, and the islands of what today are Jamaica, Cuba, Haiti, Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. The Government of Nueva Andalucia was set in Venezuela from 1501 to 1513.
The DFS 230 was a German transport glider operated by the Luftwaffe in World War II. It was developed in 1933 by the Deutsche Forschungsanstalt für Segelflug (DFS - "German Research Institute for Sailplane Flight") with Hans Jacobs as the head designer. The glider was the German inspiration for the British Hotspur glider and was intended for airborne assault operations.
In addition to the pilot, the DFS-230 glider had room for nine men who sat close together on a narrow bench located in the middle of the fuselage (six facing forward, and four backward). Entry and exit to the cramped interior was by a single side door. The front passenger could operate its only armament, a machine gun. It was an assault glider, designed to land directly on top of its target, so it was equipped with a parachute brake. This allowed the glider to approach its target in a dive at an angle of eighty degrees and land within 20 metres (60 ft) of its target. It could carry up to 1,200 kg (2,600 lb) of cargo.
It played significant roles in the operations at Fort Eben-Emael, the Battle of Crete, and in the rescue of Benito Mussolini. It was also used in North Africa. However, it was used chiefly in supplying encircled forces on the Eastern Front such as supplying the Demyansk Pocket, the Kholm Pocket, Stalingrad, and the defenders of Festung Budapest (until February 12, 1945). Although production ceased in 1943, it was used right up to the end of the war, for instance, supplying Berlin and Breslau until May 1945.

By means of a cable running along the tow rope the pilots of the tow-plane and of the freight glider were able to communicate with each other which made blind flying possible, when necessary. The towing speed of the DFS-230 was approximately 190 km/h (116 mph). It dropped its landing gear as soon as it was safely in the air, and landed by means of a landing skid. The DFS-230 could be towed by a Ju 52 (which could tow two with difficulty), a He 111, a Ju 87, Hs 126, a Bf 110, or a Bf 109. The Ju 52 towed the glider using a 40 metres (131 ft) cable or, in bad weather, a much shorter rigid bar connected by an articulated joint to the tow aircraft. The DFS-230 had the highest glide ratio (8:1) of any World War 2 military glider other than the Antonov A-7. This was because it was thought that the glider had to be capable of a long approach during landing, so that it could be released a greater distance from the target so the sound of the towing aircraft did not alert the enemy.
Rylstone Manor (or Rylstone Chalet) is a manor house and was a museum in Shanklin, on the Isle of Wight, England. It was originally constructed as a gentleman's residence in 1863 and remained privately owned until 1923. Of Victorian style, it includes Gothic, Tudor and Georgian influences.
Rylstone Manor is now a hotel. The building is constructed of stone and features include a jettied half-timbered projection. It is located within Rylstone Gardens, a public park.
The Great Masonic Exhibition of 1886 was held on the grounds and at the chalet of Rylstone.
The museum at the Rylstone Chalet was officially opened by Sir Edward Bagnall Poulton on 17 April 1935.  The collection included Isle of Wight birds, butterflies, mouths, and eggs.
The Regional Council of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes (French: Conseil régional d'Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) is the deliberative assembly of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeast-central France. The Regional Council of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes succeeded the Regional Council of Auvergne and Regional Council of Rhône-Alpes.
The men's triple jump event at the 2019 Summer Universiade was held on 9 and 10 July at the Stadio San Paolo in Naples.
Centi may refer to:

Centi-, a unit prefix in the metric system denoting a factor of one hundredth
Giancarlo Centi (born 1959), Italian professional football coach and a former player
Luis Fernando Centi (born 1976), Italian footballer
Super Space Blaster Centi-Asteroid Invaderpedes 2, an American steampunk musical comedy project formed in San Diego in 2008
The year 1820 in architecture involved some significant events.
USS Boxwood (YN-3/AN-8) was an Aloe-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Martine van der Velde (born 20 May 1989 in Groningen) is a Dutch politician from the Party for Freedom. In the 2023 Dutch general election she was elected to the Dutch House of Representatives.
State Route 161 (SR 161) is a north–south state highway located entirely in Robertson County in Middle Tennessee. The route's southern terminus sits 0.4 miles (0.64 km) north of a junction between U.S. Route 431 (US 431) and US 41. Its northern terminus is at the Kentucky state line, where it becomes Kentucky Route 102 (KY 102).
Yoshi Ikuzō (吉幾三, born 11 November 1952, Goshogawara, Aomori) is the stage name of Yoshihito Kamata (鎌田 善人, Kamata Yoshihito), a Japanese enka singer-songwriter.
He has released several popular albums of enka music, a genre akin to Japanese folk or blues music in the Western world. Amongst his most famous hits are "Sake yo", "Suika", and "Yuki Guni". Additionally, he is self-described as the "first popular hip hop artist in Japan" due to the 1984 release of "Ora Tōkyō sa Iguda" (lit. "I'm going to Tokyo"), sung in his native Tsugaru dialect of Japanese. He has been on tour with fellow Japanese star Fukui Kodai.
Ikuzō is married. His wife is named Hisako, and they have a daughter, Ikumi.
His stage name is a pun for the common Japanese phrase "Yoshi, ikuzo!" (よし、いくぞー！, Alright, let's go!).
The Wife of Bath is a 1713 comedy play by the British writer John Gay. It was inspired by The Wife of Bath's Tale by Geoffrey Chaucer. The play marked a conscious switch by Gay towards an apolitical and distant past, after his contemporary work The Mohocks had faced controversy and censorship the previous year. Robert Wilks, a celebrated actor and manager of the Drury Lane Theatre, appeared as Chaucer. The title role of the wife was played by Margaret Bicknell with Mary Porter as Myrtilla and the cast rounded out by William Bullock, Lacy Ryan, Christopher Bullock, William Pinkethman, Susanna Mountfort and Henry Norris.
It had been expected to premiere in April 1713, but was delayed by the lengthy run of Joseph Addison's Cato which had been widely acclaimed. When it was finally able to be staged, it lasted for only two nights. However a publisher Bernard Lintot paid £25 for the copyright to the work, while Richard Steele had been enthusiastic after seeing it in rehearsals. The epilogue was likely to have been written by Gay's friend and fellow Tory Alexander Pope.
On 19 January 1730 the play, substantially rewritten by Gay who was now celebrated for his The Beggar's Opera, opened at the Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatre. The cast featured John Hippisley and Jane Egleton, who has both appeared in The Beggar's Opera. Other cast members included Thomas Chapman, Anthony Boheme, William Milward, Charles Hulett and Elizabeth Younger. It ran for three nights and this time Lintot paid £75 for the copyright to print it for sale. However, the play was never revived.
Shahinda Duzdar (1906-1946), was a Palestinian women's rights activist. 
She was a student of the Islamic Girls School in Jerusalem and the Cairo University. She never married. 
She was a founding member of the pioneer women's organization Arab Women's Association of Palestine in 1929, and served as its first treasurer. 
The pioneers of the Palestinian women's movement generally came from the minority of unveiled modernist middle class women with Western education, who advocated women's emancipation in order to contribute to the success of a future free Palestine.  
Shahinda Duzdar played a public role and was often mentioned in the press. She made contact with other organizations, wrote and arranged protests and demonstrations, held public speeches and negotiated with the British high commissioner. She attended the Eastern Women's Conference for the Defense of Palestine in Cairo in 1938.
Kentaro Nakata (中田 健太郎, Tanaka Kentarō, born May 13, 1989) is a former Japanese football player.
This is a list of films that have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United States during 2002.
Jonathan Robertson (born 29 May 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Ter Leede in the Dutch Topklasse. He formerly played for Almere City and FC Oss.
Lubov Tchernicheva (Любовь Павловна Чернышёва; 1890–1976) was a Russian ballet dancer. She danced with the Ballets Russes from 1911 to 1929, and continued dancing professionally into her sixties.
Nephilengys is a genus of tropical spiders of the family Nephilidae, consisting of two currently described species. (The genus was formerly placed in the Araneidae and Tetragnathidae.) The genus Nephilingis has been split off from this genus. Both genera have been called hermit spiders from the habit staying in their retreats during the day; the name eunuch spiders has been used for Nephilengys alone. Males may sever parts of their palpal bulbs after copulation.
Chikwawa is a district in the Southern Region of Malawi. The capital is Chikwawa. The district covers an area of 4,755 km² and has a population of 356,682.
The district lies in a malaria endemic area in Africa and has recently been the target of efforts by a local Rotary Club to cover the entire district with insecticide-treated bednets.
The Small West Siberian Railway or Novosibirsk Children's Railway (Russian: Малая Западно-Сибирская железная дорога, Malaya Zapadno-Sibirskaya zheleznaya doroga) is a narrow gauge miniature railway in the Russian city Novosibirsk. The first section of the railway line was opened on 4 June 2005 as one of the many children's railways in Russia. It is still in use every day in summer except Mondays.
The Payette National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located in central western Idaho, in parts of Valley, Idaho, Adams, and Washington counties.  The land area consists of approximately 2.3 million acres (9,300 km2) of federally managed lands.  It is bordered by Hells Canyon National Recreation Area and the Hells Canyon to the west, Salmon-Challis National Forest to the east, Boise National Forest to the south, and the Nez Perce National Forest to the north.  The Payette National Forest is a part of the Intermountain Region (Region 4). It is under the jurisdiction of a forest supervisor in McCall and is divided into five ranger districts: McCall, Krassel, New Meadows, Council, and Weiser.
The Payette also provides the largest component of the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness, the second-largest designated wilderness area outside Alaska. Approximately 790,000 acres (3,200 km2) of it is within the wilderness, comprising one-third of its total acreage. (Five other National Forests also contribute to the River of No Return Wilderness, in addition to a small plot of land from the Bureau of Land Management.) It also provides the third-largest component of the Hells Canyon Wilderness.
The Forest Reserve Act of 1891 helped the creation of the Weiser Reserve in 1905 and the Idaho Reserve in 1908.  A merger of these two reserves (later called forests) on April 1, 1944 created the official Payette National Forest.  It is named for François Payette (1793-18xx), a French-Canadian fur trapper and later the manager of Fort Boise for the Hudson's Bay Company from 1835-1844.  He was one of the first white men to settle in the area, venturing east from Astoria, Oregon in 1818.  A large and amiable man, he was highly regarded for being very helpful to travelers.  He returned to Montreal in 1844 and the remainder of his life is a mystery.
The Payette National Forest is located above the Idaho Batholith, the largest granitic body of rock in the United States.  Glacial activity as recently as 15,000 years ago also shaped the character of the forest providing lakes and granite outcrops. The forest is made up of eight species of conifer trees, 300 species of mammals and birds, a number of fish species protected under the Endangered Species Act, and a wide variety of wildflowers.  Streams and lakes drain into two of Idaho's major rivers, the Salmon or the Snake.
There are over 20,000 Grade II* listed buildings in England. This article comprises a list of these buildings in the county of Cornwall.
Kiribati held its first presidential election as an independent nation on 4 May 1982. The incumbent president, Ieremia Tabai, who had been elected while the nation was under colonial rule, won re-election with 48.7% of the vote. He placed ahead of his vice-president Teatao Teannaki, opposition leader Naboua Ratieta, and pro-labour member of parliament Etera Teangana. The candidates were chosen by the parliament of Kiribati; an alliance of pro-government and independent members of parliament nominated Tabai and Teannaki, while an alliance of opposition and pro-labour members of parliament nominated Ratieta and Teangana. The election had a turnout of 82.5 percent of registered voters.
Among the issues of the election were a major strike that had taken place in 1980 and a religious divide between Protestants and Catholics, with allegations that Tabai's government was favouring Protestants. Although this was the second time Tabai was elected, it initiated his first full term in independent Kiribati. Tabai's victory only lasted until the end of 1982, when a motion of no confidence dissolved his government and triggered new elections.
The Norman Apartment Building is a historic building located in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.  This three-story brick structure was the first of five apartment buildings, housing 60 families, that Drake University planned to build near its campus.  They would be controlled by the university's board of trustees.  The Norman and the more modest McCoy Apartments were the only two buildings constructed.  The building features two shades of tan brick, a considerable amount of Gothic Revival limestone trim, a Tudor arched entry, medieval lettering on a name plaque between the second and third floors, and ogee arches on some windows.  The building's significance is related to the "University's growth and development and the effect its financial policies had on nearby settlement."  It is also significant for its association with the prominent Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot & Bird who designed it.  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Ptychodes taeniotoides is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetles in the subfamily Lamiinae.
Mordellistena debilis is a beetle in the genus Mordellistena of the family Mordellidae. It was described in 1891 by George Charles Champion.
Melvin James Steiner (November 29, 1916 – May 6, 1997) was an American professional baseball umpire who worked in the National League from 1961 to 1972. Steiner umpired 1,917 major league games in his 12-year career. He umpired in two World Series (1966 and 1972), two All-Star Games (1962 and 1968) and the 1969 National League Championship Series. Steiner was a Minor league baseball outfielder from 1940 to 1950.
The 2014 season is Brann's 28th season in the Tippeligaen since their promotion in 1987, and their first season with Rikard Norling as manager. Brann will compete in the Tippeligaen and the Norwegian Cup.
Yuki Kobayashi (小林 裕紀, Kobayashi Yūki, born October 18, 1988) is a Japanese footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Oita Trinita.
André-Napoléon Fontainas (23 December 1807 – 19 July 1863) was a Belgian liberal politician, alderman and mayor of the City of Brussels.
Frithwald (Old English: Friþuweald or Friðewald; d. 762 × 764) was an Anglo-Saxon Bishop of Whithorn. The version of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle in the Worcester Chronicle says that in 735 he succeeded Pehthelm, after the latter's death, as Bishop of Whithorn. The only other source for Frithwald is the entry in versions D and E of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle which, sub anno 762, relate that:Frithwald, bishop at Whithorn, died on the Nones of May [May 7]. He was consecrated at Chester on the eighteenth before the Kalends of September [August 15], in the sixth winter of Ceolwulf's kingship [734/5]; and he was bishop twenty-nine wintersFriþuweald biscop æt Hwiterne forðferde on Nonas Maius, se wæs gehalgod on Ceastre on .xviii. Kalendas September þam .vi. wintra Ceolwulfes rices, 7 he wæs biscop .xxix. wintra. If the Worcester source is correct, that would put his death in 764; the entry is also sometimes thought to cover the year 763.
George Barasch (December 10, 1910 – August 11, 2013) was a US union labor leader who led both the Allied Trades Council and Teamsters Local 815 (New York City), representing a combined total of 11,000 members.
He was the first labor leader to create a union anti-crime department, and he was instrumental in eliminating racketeering and organized crime from much of local union life in New Jersey and New York City in the early 1950s. His disputes with the United States government in the mid-1960s over control of union benefit funds ultimately led to proposed legislation that prompted and evolved into the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
In 1964, after spending over two decades fighting for the rights of workers to organize and thrive, Barasch created the Allied Educational Foundation (AEF)  as an independent organization that would continue to advance the education and rights of working Americans outside the labor arena. The semi-annual AEF conferences served as a forum for high-ranking political figures, academics, legal scholars, and civil rights activists including United States Senator William Proxmire, Martin Luther King Jr., Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States  William O. Douglas, U.S. President Gerald Ford, U.S. Vice President Walter Mondale, labor columnist Victor Riesel, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Harrison Salisbury, and economist Leo Cherne.
Barasch remained Chairman of the Allied Educational Foundation for 49 years until his death, at 102.
This is a list of converts to Hinduism from Islam.
Melba parvula is a species of ant-loving beetle in the family Staphylinidae. It is found in North America.
"After Hours" is the sixteenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 168th episode overall. The episode aired on NBC in the United States on February 23, 2012. "After Hours" was written by co-executive producers Halsted Sullivan and Warren Lieberstein and directed by Brian Baumgartner, who portrays Kevin Malone on the series, marking his directorial debut.
The series—presented as if it were a real documentary—depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In the episode, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) and Todd Packer (David Koechner) compete for a job. Meanwhile, Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) has to deal with Cathy's sexual advances in his hotel room. Also, Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) has everyone stay late to cover for their co-workers in Florida.
"After Hours" received mixed reviews from critics. According to the Nielsen Media Research, "After Hours" was viewed by an estimated 5.02 million viewers and received a 2.6 rating/7% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, marking a 16% rise in the ratings from the series low ratings of the previous episode, "Tallahassee". The episode also ranked as the highest-rated NBC program of the night.
Roger Hall Gordon (born September 14, 1949) is an American economist whose research deals primarily with taxation. He graduated from Harvard in 1972 and received a PhD in economics from MIT in 1976. In 1984, he moved to the University of Michigan, first as an associate professor, then professor, and later as the Reuben Kempf Professor of Economics. He has also taught at Princeton, and been a visiting professor all over the world. Since 2001, he has been a professor of economics at UCSD.
He is a research associate as the National Bureau of Economic Research and the Centre for Economic Policy Research. Between 2004 and 2010, he served as the editor of the Journal of Economic Literature. He has also been an editor for the Journal of Public Economics and the American Economic Review. He is fellow of the Econometric Society and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
From 1992 to 2016 he organized the Trans-Atlantic Public Economics Seminar.
The CESifo's website notes that "Roger Gordon's work has contributed to the understanding of a wide range of economic issues, with a focus on public finance and development economics. His contributions examine, for example, the role of tax policy in the development process, both in general contexts and in the special case of China. His research also focuses on tax policy issues in open economies. In general, many of his papers deal with the effects of taxation on corporate and individual behavior and their implications for tax policy."
Minuscule 527 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 147 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on a parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It was adapted for liturgical use. Scrivener labelled it by number 482. It has full marginalia.
Pocola (Hungarian: Biharpoklos) is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 1,395 people as of 2021. It is composed of five villages: Feneriș (Fenyéres), Petrani (Pontoskő), Pocola, Poietari (Kisfenyéres), and Sânmartin de Beiuș (Belényesszentmárton).
Tell It to My Heart may refer to:

Tell It to My Heart (album), by Taylor Dayne, 1988
"Tell It to My Heart" (Meduza song), featuring Hozier, 2021
"Tell It to My Heart" (Taylor Dayne song), 1987
"Tell It to My Heart", a season five episode of Degrassi: The Next Generation
"Tell It to My Heart", a song by Jem from the 2016 album Beachwood Canyon
"Treasure under Glass" is a 1991 Uncle Scrooge comic story by Don Rosa.
The story was first published in the Danish Anders And Ekstra #1991-02; the first American publication was in Uncle Scrooge #263, in February 1992.
Ixalotriton is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae. 
It contains the following species:

Ixalotriton niger
Ixalotriton parva
Prosek (Serbian Cyrillic: Просек) is a village in the municipality of Niška Banja, within the city of Niš, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village had 599 inhabitants.
According to the Ottoman Empire census of 1516, the village was one of the 111 within the Niš district, with 5 households, 3 widowed households, and 2 single households.
Capote is a 2005 American biographical drama film about American novelist Truman Capote directed by Bennett Miller, and starring Philip Seymour Hoffman in the title role. The film primarily follows the events during the writing of Capote's 1965 nonfiction book In Cold Blood. The film was based on Gerald Clarke's 1988 biography Capote. It was released on September 30, 2005, coinciding with what would have been Capote's 81st birthday.
The film became a box office success and received acclaim from critics for Hoffman's lead performance. It won several awards, and was nominated for five Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Director for Miller, Best Supporting Actress for Catherine Keener, and Best Adapted Screenplay, with Hoffman winning the Academy Award for Best Actor.


Denver Seminary is a private, evangelical Christian seminary with its main campus in Littleton, Colorado. 
It includes a campus in Colorado, an extension campus in Washington, DC, and an online campus. It offers Masters programmes in Arts, Divinity and Theology and a Doctorate in Ministry, as well as counselling courses. In 2021 it enrolled over 1200 students from over 35 denominations.
Petras Leonas (1864–1938) was a Lithuanian attorney and politician, the first Minister of Justice of the newly independent Lithuania in 1918.
After graduating from Moscow University in 1889, Leonas held a government job at various courts in Suwałki and Uzbekistan. He was fired after supporting the Constitutional Democratic Party (Kadets) during the Russian Revolution of 1905. He returned to Lithuania and took up private law practice, which he had for 32 years. In 1907, he was elected to the second short-lived State Duma of the Russian Empire. During World War I, Leonas retreated to Russia and was deputy chairman of the Lithuanian Society for the Relief of War Sufferers. In March 1917, he was one of the founders of the Democratic National Freedom League. He returned to newly independent Lithuania in 1918 and began working on drafting some of the fundamental legislation. He became the first Minister of Justice in November 1918 and the fourth Minister of Internal Affairs in April 1919. He worked to organize judicial system and establish local municipal institutions in the chaotic post-war years. He retired from active politics in October 1919, but continued to consult the Lithuanian government on major pieces of legislation. Leonas became a professor and dean of the law faculty at the University of Lithuania.
Traganum is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Amaranthaceae.
Its native range is Macaronesia to Arabian Peninsula and Iraq.
Species:

Traganum moquinii Webb ex Moq.
Traganum nudatum Delile
Ehtuish Farag Ehtuish (Arabic: احتيوش فرج احتيوش; 1 April 1953) is a Libyan Surgeon, prof. of Surgery and politician. He served as the minister of health and was among the first team to develop the laparoscopic surgery Hepato-pancreatico- Billiary Surgery and organ transplant in Libya.
Ehtuish is currently chairman of Tripoli Central Hospital’s department of surgery
Frank Edward Young VC (2 October 1895 – 18 September 1918) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Kinuseo Falls is a waterfall on the Murray River, which flows through the northern tip of Monkman Provincial Park in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia, Canada. The falls are located south of the community of Tumbler Ridge and northeast of the city of Prince George, though there is no road access from the Prince George side of the Rocky Mountains.

One of the most outstanding features in Monkman Provincial Park, the falls measure 197 feet (60 metres), slightly taller than Niagara Falls, though it doesn't move the same volume of water as Niagara. The falls are located 3 km from the Kinuseo Falls Campground, also in Monkman Provincial Park. There is a trail from the campground to the falls, though many people choose to drive to the falls. The campground is also a departure point for people making further explorations into the park along the Monkman Pass Trail.


The following is a list of wars involving Indonesia.
De’Runnya S. Wilson (September 14, 1994 – January 21, 2020) was an American football wide receiver for the Albany Empire of the Arena Football League (AFL). He played college football for the Mississippi State Bulldogs.
The Little Drummer Boy is a stop motion television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions, based on the song of the same name. It was first televised in Canada on December 19, 1968, on the CTV Television Network, followed four days later by its American nationwide release on NBC. A sequel was broadcast in 1976.
Malice Aforethought (1931) is a crime novel written by Anthony Berkeley Cox, using the pen name Francis Iles. It is an early and prominent example of the "inverted detective story", claimed to have been invented by R. Austin Freeman some years earlier. The murderer's identity is revealed in the first line of the novel, which gives the reader insight into the workings of his mind as his plans progress. It also contains elements of black comedy, and of serious treatment of underlying tensions in a superficially respectable community. It is loosely based on the real-life case of Herbert Armstrong, with elements of Doctor Crippen.
The 2016–17 Adelaide Strikers WBBL season was the second in the team's history. Coached by Andrea McCauley and captained by Tegan McPharlin, the team competed in the WBBL|02 tournament.
At the conclusion of the group stage, the Strikers team was last on the table, and therefore did not qualify for the knockout phase.
Viktor Agardius (born 23 October 1989) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a left-back or centre-back.
Roger Bootle (born 22 June 1952) is a British economist and a weekly columnist for The Daily Telegraph. He is the chairman of Capital Economics, an independent macroeconomic research consultancy. He and Capital Economics were awarded the Wolfson Economics Prize in 2012.
Monica Chakwera  is the First Lady and wife to Lazarus Chakwera, president of the Republic of Malawi. She was born on 30 September 1953, she comes from Mwazisi village, T/A Chikulamayembe, in  Rumphi District, in the northern part of Malawi.
Gillian Porter (born 13 April 1965 in Coleraine) is a Northern Irish television presenter. She is best known for her work at UTV, where she was a long-serving continuity announcer and newsreader for 27 years.


Louis I (c. 1304 – 26 August 1346, ruled 1322–1346) was Count of Flanders, Nevers and Rethel.
Au is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located a few kilometres south of Freiburg im Breisgau, in the south-western part of Baden-Württemberg. The municipality belongs to the administrative region of Hexental based in the neighbouring town of Merzhausen.
The Von Zedtwitz Life Master Pairs national bridge championship is held at the summer American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) North American Bridge Championship (NABC).
Usually called simply the "Life Master Pairs" or "LM Pairs", this is a six-session pairs tournament open to all players without regard to age, sex, nationality, or membership. It is restricted to Life Masters, now a modest career record in ACBL sanctioned play, which leading players from overseas are able to achieve by attending a few NABC meets. If it remains the most prestigious competition for pairs, that may be because it is older than the parallel spring and fall events, the Norman Kay Platinum Pairs established 2010 and Edgar Kaplan Blue Ribbon Pairs established 1963.
Frank O'Donnell may refer to:

Frank O'Donnell (footballer) (1911–1952), Scottish professional footballer
Frank O'Donnell (actor) (1907–1956), Australian actor
Frank A. O'Donnel (1852–1906), New York politician
Frank Hugh O'Donnell (1846–1916), Irish nationalist writer and politician
Frank J. Hugh O'Donnell (1894–1976), Irish critic, playwright and politician
Francis Martin O'Donnell (born 1954), Irish and international diplomat, Ambassador of the Sovereign Order of Malta to Slovakia and retired former UN Resident Coordinator
Russel Friend is an American television writer and producer who served as an executive producer on the Fox series House, for which he won a Writers Guild of America Award in 2010 for co-writing the episode "Broken". He often works with his writing partner Garrett Lerner.
In the United Kingdom, the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical, or cultural significance; Grade II structures are those considered to be "buildings of special interest which justify every effort being made to preserve them". Listing was begun by a provision in the Town and Country Planning Act 1947. Once listed, strict limitations are imposed on the modifications allowed to a building's structure or fittings. In Wales, the authority for listing under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990 rests with Cadw.
This is a list of Grade II listed buildings in Wrexham County Borough. There are 946 Grade II listed buildings in the county borough.
Daqing West railway station is a railway station of the Harbin–Qiqihar Intercity Railway. It is located in Ranghulu District, Daqing, in the Heilongjiang province of China.
Gleneagles Kota Kinabalu Hospital is a private hospital in the city of Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia. The hospital offers medical services including cardiac care, brain and nerve, orthopaedic and spine, endocrinology, oncology, women and children care.
Year 464 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Albinus and Fusus (or, less frequently, year 290 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 464 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Giulio Cesare Fellini (born c. 1600) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.  He was a pupil of  Gabriele Ferrantini and Annibale Carracci. He excelled in painting horses and figures, and was assisted by his son Marcantonio Fellini.
Amanda Yates Garcia is an American witch, healer, and medium among other New Age practices, and is known as the "Oracle of Los Angeles". She is also a full-time witch and life coach. Yates Garcia promotes oneness with nature to save the world.
The Developmental Leadership Program (DLP, or DLPROG) is an international research and policy initiative. The Program looks at the political processes that underpin development goals such as sustainable economic growth, political stability and inclusive social development. In particular, DLP explores the central role of leaders, elites and coalitions in developing countries and how they can help or hinder the positive reform of institutions and policies in the public, private and civil society sectors. DLP is funded primarily by the Australian Aid Program.
Dalden Tower or Dawden Tower was a manor house and later a pele tower in the village of Dalton-le-Dale, County Durham. Only ruins survive today.
The site has been a scheduled ancient monument since 1968, and grade II* listed building since 1950.


East Bourke Boroughs was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria from 1859 to 1904.
The district was defined in the Electoral Districts Act of 1858 as:

Commencing at a point on the east bank of the Moonee Ponds, being the northwestern angle of portion of CXLII., parish of Jika Jika; thence by a line bearing east, and by the northern, eastern, and southern boundaries of the town reserve of Pentridge to the Merri Creek ; thence southwards by the Merri Creek to the south-western angle of portion CXXIII. in the said parish ; thence by a line bearing east to the Darebin Creek; thence southwards by the Darebin Creek to the river Yarra Yarra; thence by the river Yarra Yarra to the Merri Creek aforesaid; thence northwards by the Merri Creek to the south-eastern angle of portion XC. in the said parish; thence west by the southern boundaries of portion XC. and XCI. to the Moonee Ponds aforesaid; and thence northwards by the Moonee Ponds to the commencing point ...
Granuaile's Castle is a tower house and National Monument located in Clare Island, Ireland.


Namig Sarafruz oglu Islamzadeh (Azerbaijani: Namiq Sərəfruz oğlu İslamzadə; born 1974), is an Azerbaijani military officer, lieutinant general serving in the Azerbaijani Armed Forces. He serves as Commander of the Azerbaijan Air Force. Islamzadeh is a participant of the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.
Tares (Persian: طارس, also Romanized as Ţāres and Tāras) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 60 families.
Real Grupo de Cultura Covadonga is a Spanish basketball team based in Gijón, Asturias. It currently plays in Liga EBA.
The Fire Baptized Holiness Church of God of the Americas is a Holiness Pentecostal Christian denomination based in the United States. Originating when the African American members of the integrated Fire-Baptized Holiness Church withdrew to form their own organization, the church was founded at Greer, South Carolina, in 1908. As such, though the Fire Baptized Holiness Church of God of the Americas is multiracial, it is predominantly African-American.
The 1935–36 season was the forty-first season in which Dundee competed at a Scottish national level, playing in Division One, where they would finish in 12th place. Dundee would also compete in the Scottish Cup, where they were knocked out in the 3rd round by Clyde in a replay.
The 1920–21 Fordham Rams men's ice hockey season was the 2nd season of play for the program.
Taunton Municipal Airport (ICAO: KTAN, FAA LID: TAN), also known as King Field, is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Taunton, a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts. It is located in the East Taunton neighborhood of the city. The city-owned airport is maintained and operated by the Taunton Airport Commission. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013, it is categorized as a general aviation airport.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned TAN by the FAA and no designation from the IATA (which assigned TAN to Tangalooma Airport in Tangalooma, Queensland, Australia).
Blackford is a village in Cumbria, England, close to Gretna, Scotland.
Germantown is an unincorporated community in Adams Township, Decatur County, Indiana.
A large share of the early settlers being natives of Germany likely caused the name to be selected.
The 1891 Mid Armagh by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Mid Armagh on 17 December 1891. The vacancy arose because of the death of the sitting member, Sir James Corry of the new Irish Unionist Party.
Only one candidate was nominated, Dunbar Barton also of the Irish Unionist Party, who was therefore elected unopposed. Barton remained as member for Mid Armagh until 1900, when he was appointed as a judge.
Detlef Mikolajczak (born 15 April 1964) is a retired German football midfielder.
Urceoliporidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:

Cureolipora Gordon, 2000
Reciprocus Gordon, 1988
Urceolipora MacGillivray, 1881
Die Supernasen is a 1983 West German comedy film featuring Thomas Gottschalk and Mike Krüger. The name of the movie, "The Supernoses", refers to both having big noses while at the same time being a malapropism for "Spürnasen", a colloquialism for "investigator".
The two have worked together in the four popular movies making up the so-called Supernasen-series. They were mostly college movies in a German setting - two naughty young men in Bavaria, with beautiful girls and funny complications. Their other collaborations were

Piratensender Powerplay
Zwei Nasen tanken Super
Die Einsteiger
Muhammad Farid Badrul Hisham is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Malaysia.
The 1998 Bank of America robbery was a bank robbery of $1.6 million in cash at the Bank of America in 1 World Trade Center, in New York City, on January 14, 1998.
The robbery was plotted and executed by Ralph Guarino, an actor and petty criminal with connections to the DeCavalcante crime family.  Guarino received some intelligence from a WTC worker named Salvatore Calciano, who told him about the increased security that followed the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and would later give him his employee ID badge from a friend of Calciano. He also told Guarino when a Brink's armored truck would arrive to deliver money via elevator to the 11th floor of the North Tower (Tower One) of the WTC.
The two of them planned the robbery and recruited three other criminals to complete the actual robbery: Richie Gillette, 39, from Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn, as well as his friends Melvin Folk, 44, and Mike Reed, 34.
On Wednesday, January 14, 1998, a Brink's van pulled up to the World Trade Center at around 8:30 a.m. and began unloading some bags of money. Only Gillette wore a ski mask to make it more difficult for others to identify him. They successfully subdued the WTC employees and guards to steal the bags. They took a total of $1.6 million (worth $3 million today). The robbers exited the WTC at 8:45 a.m.
In the aftermath of the robbery, Folk and Reed returned to their old neighborhoods and were quickly identified and captured. Gillette was questioned by security after boarding an Amtrak train but was not detained at the time. He was later found and arrested in Albuquerque, New Mexico, two days later, at 8:30 pm. January 16. The FBI did not believe the three had acted alone and began to search for a mastermind. Guarino had various ideas of how to get rid of the money but ultimately was unable to follow through on any plans before FBI agents came to arrest him at his Staten Island home. Following his arrest, Guarino agreed to become an FBI informant on the DeCavalcante crime family.
Crestone Needle is a high mountain summit of the Crestones in the Sangre de Cristo Range of the Rocky Mountains of North America.  The 14,203-foot (4,329 m) fourteener is located 6.9 miles (11.1 km) east-southeast (bearing 108°) of the Town of Crestone in Saguache County, Colorado, United States.  The Crestones are a cluster of high summits in the Sangre de Cristo Range, comprising Crestone Peak, Crestone Needle, Kit Carson Peak, Challenger Point, Humboldt Peak, and Columbia Point.  They are usually accessed from common trailheads.


Sirali is a town in the Harda district, Madhya Pradesh, India. The town has an estimated population of 15,507 people, and life revolves around the Machak River and Ghonghai River, the life line of the town. Sirali is well connected with the district by road. The nearest Railway station is Harda and Khirkiya, 30 km distant. Sirali is the major town surrounded with 50 villages. This was coming under the Gond King's Kingdom, well known as Makrai state. Sirali town is well developed in the last few years with Nationaized banks (State Bank of India, Bank of India, Central Bank of India), and Internet. In Education, Sirali has schools till higher secondary. Two colleges are also here, one is Pvt. Satpura Valley College and the other one is Govt arts and commerce college. It has also the police station which is situated near shiv temple. Timber depot from M.P. Forest department. Weekly Hat Bajar (Sunday) is also organised here. Diwali, Holi, Rakshabandhan, Eid are the major festivals celebrated here.
Among its attractions is the Shri Tilbhandeshwar (Shivaji) Mandir temple. Sri Radha-Krishan is also in Sirali.
In about 2010 Sri SAI Baba Temple was also built which is very much famous in Harda district. Also many pilgrims are coming from afar to visit this temple.
Every year in May and June in Sirali Punchayat, Khudiya and Pipliya Panchayat organize Mela in MalaPur for Dev Bhilat and many touring talkies and shops will come like (spices, sweets, Grocery). Bull bazaar is the specialty of it.
Piplya, a well known village is situated 10 km from Sirali and the nearest hill station to Sirali is Makrai.
There are hourly buses to Harda, Hoshangabad, Khirkiya, Khandwa, Bhopal and Indore.
Vasyl Omelianovych Makukh (Ukrainian: Васи́ль Омеля́нович Ма́кух; 14 November 1927, Lwów Voivodeship, Second Polish Republic – 6 November 1968, Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) was a Soviet veteran of World War II, political prisoner and Ukrainian activist, and member of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army. 
Having been conscripted into the Red Army, in November 1944 Makukh defected and joined the nationalist Ukrainian Insurgent Army. In February 1946 he was wounded and captured after a shootout with Soviet and Polish border guards at the Soviet-Polish border (today Poland–Ukraine border). On 15 February 1946, Makukh was taken to the district precinct of the KGB (soviet Ministry of Internal Affairs) in Velyki Mosty and later to Lviv Prison No. 4 (known as "Brygidki"). On 11 July 1946, the Military Tribunal of Lviv garrison sentenced him to 10 years of hard labour (katorga) with five years of detention ("civil rights restriction") plus the confiscation of all his property. Makukh served  his sentence in Dubravlag (Mordovia) and other GULAG camps in Siberia. On 18 July 1955, he was freed and exiled to a local settlement, where he met a woman who had also served 10 years imprisonment. In 1956, both managed to return to Ukraine, and being forbidden to return to their own region, they settled in Dnipropetrovsk (today Dnipro), where they married and Makukh worked as a schoolteacher.
On November 5, 1968, he committed suicide by self-immolation on Khreshchatyk, Kyiv's main street, in protest against the Soviet rule of Ukraine, against russification as well as the Soviet invasion in Czechoslovakia. Before his death, Makukh shouted 'Long live free Ukraine!' He died the next day. On 6 November 1968 the prosecutor's office of the Leninsky District of Kyiv city opened a criminal case against him because of the suicide, the outcome of which was never made known.
Westerpark is a park in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Westerpark may also refer to:

Westerpark (neighbourhood), a neighbourhood in Amsterdam, Netherlands
Westerpark (former borough), a former borough in Amsterdam, Netherlands
Electoral district X (Croatian: X. izborna jedinica) is one of twelve electoral districts of Croatian Parliament.
The track speed skating competition at the 2022 World Games took place in July 2022, in Birmingham in United States, at the Birmingham CrossPlex.
Originally scheduled to take place in July 2021, the Games were rescheduled for July 2022 as a result of the 2020 Summer Olympics postponement due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Drug packaging (or pharmaceutical packaging) is process of packing pharmaceutical preparations for distribution, and the physical packaging in which they are stored. It involves all of the operations from production through drug distribution channels to the end consumer.  
Pharmaceutical packaging is highly regulated but with some variation in the details, depending on the country of origin  or the region. Several common factors can include:  assurance of patient safety, assurance of the efficacy of the drug through the intended shelf life, uniformity of the drug through different production lots, thorough documentation of all materials and processes, control of possible migration of packaging components into the drug, control of degradation of the drug by oxygen, moisture, heat, light exposure etc., prevention of microbial contamination, sterility, etc. Packaging is often involved in dispensing, dosing, and use of the pharmaceutical product. Communication of proper use and cautionary labels are also regulated. Packaging is an integral part of pharmaceutical product.


Lake Mendocino is a large reservoir in Mendocino County, California, northeast of Ukiah. It covers 1,922 acres (7.78 km2) and was formed by the construction of Coyote Valley Dam in 1958 (1958). The lake and dam provide flood control, water conservation, hydroelectric power, and recreation.  The dam also includes a fallout shelter built during the Cold War era to protect against the radiation from nuclear attacks from the Soviet Union.
Belgian Australians (Dutch: Belgische Australiërs)
(French: Australiens Belges) are Australian citizens of Belgian ancestry or Belgian-born people who reside in Australia.
Laurentian, or St. Lawrence Iroquoian, was an Iroquoian language spoken until the late 16th century along the shores of the Saint Lawrence River in present-day Quebec and Ontario, Canada. It is believed to have disappeared with the extinction of the St. Lawrence Iroquoians, likely as a result of warfare by the more powerful Mohawk from the Haudenosaunee or Iroquois Confederacy to the south, in present-day New York state of the United States.
Margaret Henry (25 July 1934 – 9 September 2015) was an Australian community activist and local government politician.
Friedrich Wilhelm Graf von Buxhoevden (Russian: Фёдор Фёдорович Буксгевден, romanized: Fyodor Fyodorovich Buksgevden; other spellings: Feodor Buxhoeveden, Buxhœwden, Buxhöwden; September 14, 1750 – August 23, 1811) was a Russian general of the infantry and government official. Buxhoeveden commanded the Russian armies during the Finnish War.
Alexandrian Wicca or Alexandrian Witchcraft is a tradition of the Neopagan religion of Wicca, founded by Alex Sanders (also known as "King of the Witches") who, with his wife Maxine Sanders, established the tradition in the United Kingdom in the 1960s. Alexandrian Wicca is similar in many ways to Gardnerian Wicca, and receives regular mention in books on Wicca as one of the religion's most widely recognised traditions.


Melissa González (born January 24, 1989) is an American field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the national team. She was born in Peekskill, New York.
She attended Lakeland High School. González completed her collegiate field hockey career at the University of Connecticut. She gained multiple awards during her collegiate career including First Team All-American and Big East Conference Defensive Player of the Year. González has competed in World Championship games since 2014. She was named Best Player of the Tournament at the 2017 World League Semifinals in Johannesburg, South Africa. González's Olympic experience includes the 2012 Olympic Games in London, England, and the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In addition to playing, she has been a volunteer assistant coach at UConn, Yale and the University of Massachusetts.
Miracle: Letters to the President (Korean: 기적; Hanja: 奇蹟; RR: Gijeok) is a 2021 South Korean romantic drama film directed and co-written by Lee Jang-hoon for Blossom Pictures. Starring Park Jeong-min, Lee Sung-min, Im Yoon-ah and Lee Soo-kyung, the film is based on a true story of a high school mathematics genius Joon-kyeong. Set in 1980s in a remote township of North Gyeongsang Province, the film tells the story of establishing a simple, privately owned train station. 
The film was theatrically released on September 15, 2021, coinciding with Chuseok festival holidays. On box office as of December 11, 2021 it ranks 8th among the Korean films released in the year 2021 in South Korea, with gross of US$5.61 million and 715,608 cumulative admissions.
USS Seaman (DD-791) was a Gearing-class destroyer of the United States Navy, named for Lieutenant Commander Allen L. Seaman (1916–1944), a naval aviator who was awarded two Navy Crosses for service in the Pacific War.
Seaman was laid down on 10 July 1945 by the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corporation, Seattle, Washington; launched on 29 May 1946; sponsored by Mrs. Barbara K. Seaman, widow of Lt. Comdr. Seaman; and delivered, partially complete, on 25 June 1946 to the officer-in-charge of demobilized shipping for the 13th Naval District.
Never commissioned, the destroyer was subsequently placed in the Bremerton Group of the Pacific Reserve Fleet, where she remained until struck from the Navy list on 1 March 1961. Her hulk was sold to the First Steel and Ship Corp., New York City, on 12 September 1961, and was delivered to the Learner Co., Alameda, California, on 22 September 1961 for scrapping.


Karl Stig-Erland "Stieg" Larsson (, Swedish: [ˈkɑːɭ stiːɡ ˈæ̌ːɭand ˈlɑ̌ːʂɔn]; 15 August 1954 – 9 November 2004) was a Swedish writer, journalist, and activist.  He is best known for writing the Millennium trilogy of crime novels, which were published posthumously, starting in 2005, after he died of a sudden heart attack. The trilogy was adapted as three motion pictures in Sweden, and one in the U.S. (for the first book only). The publisher commissioned David Lagercrantz to write the next trilogy, and Karin Smirnoff to write the third trilogy in the series, which has seven novels as of September 2024. For much of his life, Larsson lived and worked in Stockholm. His journalistic work covered socialist politics and he acted as an independent researcher of right-wing extremism.
He was the second-best-selling fiction author in the world for 2008, owing to the success of the English translation of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, behind the Afghan-American Khaled Hosseini. The third and final novel in the Millennium trilogy, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest, became the bestselling book in the United States in 2010, according to Publishers Weekly. By March 2015, his series had sold 80 million copies worldwide.


Mittagudipadu is a village in Palnadu district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Rentachintala mandal of Gurazala revenue division.
La Lucila is a neighborhood in Vicente López Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. The community is a suburb in the Buenos Aires metropolitan area.
It has a light railway station (La Lucila) on the Retiro-Tigre line - north on the line is Martínez and south is Olivos. It is also close to the Tren de la Costa.
The name comes from a large mansion that was named for the owner's wife. He was teniente coronel Alfredo F. de Urquiza and his wife was named Lucila Marcelina Anchorena de Urquiza.
Jason Thomas Kenney  (born May 30, 1968) is a former Canadian politician who served as the 18th premier of Alberta from 2019 until 2022, and the leader of the United Conservative Party (UCP) from 2017 until 2022. He also served as the member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Calgary-Lougheed from 2017 until 2022. Kenney was the last leader of the Alberta Progressive Conservative Party (PC Party) before the party merged with the Wildrose Party to form the UCP. Prior to entering Alberta provincial politics, he served in various cabinet posts under Prime Minister Stephen Harper from 2006 to 2015.
Kenney studied philosophy at the University of San Francisco, but returned to Canada without completing his degree. In 1989, he was hired as the first executive director of the Alberta Taxpayers Association before becoming the president and chief executive officer of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation. Kenney was elected to the House of Commons in the 1997 federal election for the Reform Party. In 2000, he was re-elected as a Canadian Alliance candidate and then was re-elected five times as a candidate for the Conservative Party of Canada.
Following the Conservative victory in the 2006 federal election, Kenney was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Harper. In January 2007, he was sworn into the Privy Council as the secretary of state for multiculturalism and Canadian identity. Kenney held the post of minister for citizenship, immigration and multiculturalism from October 2008 to July 2013, when he became minister of employment and social development and minister for multiculturalism. In February 2015, he was named minister of national defence. Kenney was considered a potential party leader following the defeat of the Conservative government in October 2015 and resignation of Harper as leader.
In July 2016, Kenney announced his intention to run for the leadership of the Alberta PCs in that party's 2017 leadership election. Kenney resigned his seat in Parliament on September 23, after sitting in the House of Commons for over 19 years. He was elected party leader on March 18, 2017, on a platform of merging with the Wildrose Party. He was leader until the merger was effected on July 24. Kenney was then elected United Conservative Party leader on October 28.
On April 16, 2019, Kenney led the United Conservative Party to a majority government in the 2019 Alberta general election, defeating incumbent Premier Rachel Notley of the New Democratic Party. Kenney came under criticism for his handling of the COVID-19 pandemic from members within the UCP and the general public, triggering a leadership review in May 2022. On May 18, 2022, Kenney narrowly won the leadership review 51.4% to 48.6%, but announced that this support was insufficient and that he would step down as UCP leader. Kenney remained premier until October 11, 2022. Danielle Smith was chosen to succeed him by the United Conservative Party on October 6, 2022.
Monroe Osborn was a justice on the Oklahoma State Supreme Court from 1932 until his death on June 20, 1947. He served multiple terms as chief justice.


Poland is a village in Kiribati, located on the westernmost part of the island of Kiritimati, within the archipelago of Line Islands.
Anneli is a female given name common in Finland, Sweden, Estonia and Norway. It originated as a variation of the name Anna. It is listed by the Finnish Population Register Centre as one of the top 10 most popular female given names ever.
Charles Alexander Young (December 29, 1856 – September 28, 1928) was a grain dealer and political figure in Manitoba, Canada. He represented Deloraine from 1896 to 1903 in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba as a Liberal.
A standardized test is a test that is administered and scored in a consistent, or "standard", manner. Standardized tests are designed in such a way that the questions and interpretations are consistent and are administered and scored in a predetermined, standard manner.
Any test in which the same test is given in the same manner to all test takers, and graded in the same manner for everyone, is a standardized test. Standardized tests do not need to be high-stakes tests, time-limited tests, multiple-choice tests, academic tests, or tests given to large numbers of test takers. A standardized test may be any type of test:  a written test, an oral test, or a practical skills performance test. The questions can be simple or complex.  The subject matter among school-age students is frequently academic skills, but a standardized test can be given on nearly any topic, including driving tests, creativity, athleticism, personality, professional ethics, or other attributes.
The opposite of standardized testing is non-standardized testing, in which either significantly different tests are given to different test takers, or the same test is assigned under significantly different conditions (e.g., one group is permitted far less time to complete the test than the next group) or evaluated differently (e.g., the same answer is counted right for one student, but wrong for another student).
Most everyday quizzes and tests taken by students during school meet the definition of a standardized test: everyone in the class takes the same test, at the same time, under the same circumstances, and all of the students are graded by their teacher in the same way. However, the term standardized test is most commonly used to refer to tests that are given to larger groups, such as a test taken by all adults who wish to acquire a license to have a particular kind of job, or by all students of a certain age. Most standardized tests are forms of summative assessments (assessments that measure the learning of the participants at the end of an instructional unit).
Because everyone gets the same test and the same grading system, standardized tests are often perceived as being fairer than non-standardized tests. Such tests are often thought of as fairer and more objective than a system in which some students get an easier test and others get a more difficult test. Standardized tests are designed to permit reliable comparison of outcomes across all test takers, because everyone is taking the same test.
Wilmorite Properties, Inc is a commercial real estate company based in Chili, New York, a suburb of Rochester, New York.
A subsidiary of the company owes significant back taxes and fees to the City of Rochester resulting from a loan and tax agreement surrounding the failed development of the Sibley Building.
The company manages Eastview Mall, The Mall at Greece Ridge, The Marketplace Mall, and Pittsford Plaza, all of which are in Rochester.
Joseph John Landsberg (born 8 February 1938), is an Australian scientist, author, science administrator and consultant.  Born in Zimbabwe (then Rhodesia) he completed his BSc and MSc at Natal University, South Africa, and his Ph.D. at the University of Bristol, UK., where his research focused on the interactions between climate, weather, and forests around the world.

His work as a scientist and administrator over many years has made a significant contribution to our understanding of the ecophysiology of trees and forests, and the adoption of science-based models in forest management. He has published four books, been co-editor of five others and has published more than a hundred research articles, reports, and book chapters.
He is best known as the co-developer of the forest growth model 3-PG (Physiological Processes Predicting Growth)

for which he, together with Richard Waring and Nicholas Coops, won the 2020 Marcus Wallenberg Prize.

The original paper on the 3-PG model has attracted almost two thousand citations.
Marthinus Jacobus Oosthuizen (October 14, 1818 – April 2, 1897) was a Voortrekker farmer known for his heroism in battle. 
He was born near Uitenhage and joined the "Groot Trek" (Great Trek). He became famous for his heroism during a battle on 16 February 1838 shortly after the murder of Piet Retief and his delegation, and the massacres of Weenen and Bloukrans. After taking his own family to safety, he joined other men of his "trek" to await the coming Zulu army. When they eventually ran out of ammunition, he mounted his horse and stormed right through the ranks of an estimated 1,500 Zulus, fetched gunpowder and bullets from one of the wagons, and then returned the same way right through the army of the surprised Zulus. He eventually settled on a farm in Natal where he died in 1897.
Sea of Madness may refer to:

"Sea of Madness", a song by Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young from Woodstock: Music from the Original Soundtrack and More
"Sea of Madness", a song by Iron Maiden from Somewhere in Time
Kimanga (Kata ya Kimanga, in Swahili)  is an administrative ward of the Ilala Municipical Council of  the Dar es Salaam Region in Tanzania. The wards of Ubungo MC are bordered to the north by the wards of Makuburi and Kimara. The ward is bordered by Segerea to the south and Tabata to the east. Kinyerezi borders the ward on its western side. According to the 2022 census, the ward has a total population of 50,340.
Yash Rohan (born 22 December 1990) is a Bangladeshi actor, model, and director. He began his career in 2015 with short films which he directed and also acted in. His film debut in Swapnajaal (2018) earned praise, and he went on to gain further recognition with starring roles in Networker Baire (2021) and Poran (2022), which is one of the highest-grossing Bangladeshi films of all time.


The Monument to the Fallen (Italian: Monumento ai Caduti) is a Fascist-era monument located in the center of Piazza San Francesco in Pistoia, Tuscany, Italy. The monument was meant to recall those fallen in the battles of World War I between 1915 and 1918. Though completed some years before, the bronze statue was only installed in 1926 with the King in attendance. The bronze statue shows a muscular, partly nude, semi-recumbent man sheltering a statue of Victory as he glares to the distance. The statue is on a marble base with flanking bas-reliefs depicting a winged victory and a mother and child sharing bundles of wheat (fasces). The sculptor, Silvio Canevari (1891–1953), would go on to sculpt statues of athletes for the Stadio dei Marmi in Rome. Many of this statues, including The Pugilist and his Monument to Victory (commemorating those who fell in the wars of Africa) at Civita Castellana, also focus on the athletic man in combat.
Altıntoprak (Kurdish: Girbeşk) is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Kızıltepe, Mardin Province in Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds of the Kîkan tribe and had a population of 426 in 2021.
Francis Thompson (25 July 1808–23 April 1895) was an English architect particularly well known for his railway work.
Lamledra is a house near Gorran Haven in Cornwall, England, UK. It is situated immediately above Vault Beach. It was built in 1911 by the barrister, John Fischer Williams, and extended in the 1920s. It was formerly the vacation residence of the Oxford academics Herbert and Jenifer Hart, who inherited the house with her sister from their father.
Kenđelovec   is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D28 highway.
Maldivian Americans are Americans whose ethnic origins lie fully or partially in any part of the Maldives.
The Steppe Front (Russian: Степной фронт) was a front of the Red Army during the Second World War which existed from July to October 1943.
"Nos vies parallèles" (French pronunciation: [no vi paʁalɛl]) is a song recorded by French-Indonesian singer Anggun and French singer Florent Pagny. The song was written by Thierry Surgeon and Frédéric Chateau for Anggun's sixth French-language album Toujours un ailleurs (2015). It was released as the album's second single by TF1 Musique on 15 September 2015. The music video for the song was directed by Igreco from HiFive Production and took location in Cuba.
Venerable Ampitiye Rahula Maha Thero also known as Ampitiye Sri Rahula Maha Thero, and alternatively spelled as Ampitiye Rahula Maha Thera (24 December 1913/1914 – 17 February 2020) (Sinhala: අම්පිටියේ ශ්‍රී රාහුල හිමි), was a Sinhalese Buddhist monk.  He held the position of Chief incumbent at the Maharagama Sri Vajiragnana Dharmayathanaya and served as a senior advisor to the Supreme Council of the Amarapura Dharmarakshitha Maha Nikaya until his death.  He was known by the honorific title "Loku Hamuduruwo" (ලොකු හමුදුරුවෝ).
Cordus may mean:

Aulus Cremutius Cordus, Roman historian
Euricius Cordus (1486-1535), German intellectual
Valerius Cordus (1515-1544), German naturalist, son of Euricius
Quintus Naevius Cordus Sutorius Macro, Roman prefect
Cordus (beetle), a genus of weevils in the family Brentinae
Alexandra Wilkis Wilson is an American entrepreneur and investor who co-founded the companies the Gilt Groupe, GlamSquad, and Fitz. She is currently co-founder and Managing Partner at Clerisy, a consumer-focused growth equity fund.
György Vashegyi (born 13 April 1970 in Budapest) is a Hungarian harpsichordist and conductor. He founded the Purcell Choir in 1990 for a performance of Dido and Aeneas. From November 2017 he was elected president of the Hungarian Academy of Arts (MMA, Magyar Művészeti Akadémia), founded in 1992.
The Red Buttons Show premiered on the CBS television network on October 14, 1952, and ran for two years on that network, then moved to NBC for the final 1954–55 season.
The series finished #11 for the 1952–1953 season in the Nielsen ratings and #12 in 1953–1954.
"Le Gorille" is a 1952 song by Georges Brassens, found on his album La Mauvaise Réputation. It was also released as a single, with La Chasse Aux Papillons as B-side.
Josef Helbling (15 July 1935 – 11 September 2024) was a Swiss cyclist. He competed in the 1000m time trial at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Helbling died on 11 September 2024, at the age of 89.
Armas Amukwiyu (born 22 April 1976) is a Namibian businessman and politician. He is a member of the ruling SWAPO party, and is the SWAPO Party Regional Coordinator for the Oshikoto Region and the chairperson of the SWAPO party's regional coordinators forum. He run but lost as a candidate for Secretary-General of SWAPO.
George W. Swarn (born February 15, 1964) is an American former professional football running back who played in one game during the 1987 season with the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). He was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the fifth round of the 1987 NFL draft. He played college football for the Miami Redskins and attended Malabar High School in Mansfield, Ohio.
Mohammad Reza Eslami (born 1945) is an Iranian scientist and professor of Mechanical Engineering at Tehran Polytechnic (Amirkabir University of Technology), Tehran, Iran.
Valea Măcrișului is a commune located in Ialomița County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Grindași and Valea Măcrișului.
The Cumberland Central Business District is a commercial historic district in downtown Cumberland, Kentucky. While Cumberland was first settled in the 1820s, the district was developed during the area's coal mining boom of the 1910s and 1920s, which came after the Louisville and Nashville Railroad built lines through the region. Two of the largest mines in Harlan County, at Benham and Lynch, were near Cumberland; Benham and Lynch were company towns, however, which made Cumberland the closest commercial center independent of the mining companies. During this period, downtown Cumberland added a bank, a theater, a bus station, and many restaurants and specialty shops. The local coal industry declined dramatically during the Great Depression, and many of Cumberland's businesses closed as mining companies and their employees left the region.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 14, 1996.


Francis Chapman Grant (1823 – 1889 or 1894) was a merchant in the Gold Coast. His nephew was the football player Arthur Wharton, and his grandson was the merchant and politician Paa Grant.
William Henry Withrow (August 6, 1839 – November 12, 1908) was a Canadian Methodist minister, journalist, and author.
Born in Toronto, Upper Canada, Withrow received his education at Toronto Academy, Victoria College, Cobourg, and University of Toronto, graduating from the latter with the degree of B.A. in 1863. Previous to entering college, he spent three years in the office of architect William Hay of Toronto. He was ordained at Hamilton in 1864, and served the church at Waterford, Montreal, Hamilton, Toronto, Niagara, and Hamilton a second time. He was originally connected with the New Connexion Methodist body, but joined the Wesleyan Conference in 1867, and was an ardent advocate of union. In 1874 he became editor of the Canadian Methodist Magazine and Sunday School periodicals, retaining that role until 1906.

Withrow was the author of The catacombs of Rome and their testimony relative to primitive Christianity (1874), History of the Dominion of Canada and Our Own Country: Picturesque and Descriptive. He is also author of a number of smaller volumes, among which are Valeria, the Martyr of the Catacombs : A Tale of Early Christian Life in Rome, Neville Trueman, the Pioneer Preacher, The King's Messenger, and The Romance of Missions.
Withrow was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 1883. He was a member of the Historical Society, Montreal, of the Senate and Board of Regents of Victoria University, of the Senate of Wesleyan Theological College, Montreal, and was a member of the Senate of University of Toronto. He was married in 1864 to Sarah Anne Smith from Simcoe, Ontario. They had two sons.
Brebes may refer to several places in Indonesia:

Brebes Regency, a regency in Central Java
Brebes District, a district in Brebes Regency
Kelurahan Brebes, an administrative village (kelurahan) in Brebes District
Visa requirements for Sri Lankan citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Sri Lanka.
As of 2024, Sri Lankan citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 44 countries and territories, ranking the Sri Lankan passport 97th in the world according to the Henley Passport Index. This has hampered the ability of Sri Lankan business people to travel and connect with peers and maintain a globally competitive outlook.
Although Sri Lanka is a middle-income country, successive Sri Lankan governments have made little or no efforts to improve the standing of the passport. The Sri Lankan passport continues to rank in the bottom 10% of Henley's Annual Passport Rankings. Considering the extent of the Sri Lankan diaspora, a passport with wider access to the world could contribute to a more competitive and future-ready society.
Sri Lanka has limited personal or business contacts with the ASEAN, a region with which it shares significant historical and cultural relations. Within the SAARC region, the Sri Lankan government has made little effort to encourage religious tourism from countries such as Nepal and Bhutan. Sri Lanka and Thailand have signed a Free Trade Agreement in February 2024, and agreed to enable visa-free travel.
Sri Lankans are unable to travel to Hong Kong, China, Indonesia and the Philippines, four of the world's most important markets, without a complex visa application process with a hefty visa fee. The inability to access the financial markets of Hong Kong has been especially detrimental to the growth of businesses in Sri Lanka.
Despite demands from citizens and civil society groups, Sri Lanka has largely been unsuccessful in expanding visa-free travel for its citizens. The Sri Lankan government has been able to negotiate visa-free travel to numerous countries for diplomatic and official passport holders, effectively developing a 2-tiered system that benefits state officials and politicians over ordinary citizens.  Likewise, the Sri Lankan state spends millions on maintaining an extensive diplomatic service, which is said to bring little or no benefits to its citizens.
In July 2024, Sri Lanka announced it will issue biometric passports to its citizens in order to address the poor standing of the passport.
Most recently, Sri Lanka signed a visa waiver for diplomatic and official passport holders with Cambodia. The Sri Lankan state has made statements from time to time that it wishes to enhance links within the Indian Ocean littoral but has largely struggled to convert these statements into reality. In 2023, the Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickramasinghe  noted that Sri Lanka had applied for membership in the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership and is actively seeking to establish trade relations with countries in ASEAN.
TFO is a Canadian French language educational television channel and media organization serving the province of Ontario. It is operated by the Ontario French-language Educational Communications Authority (OTELFO), a Crown corporation owned by the Government of Ontario and trading as Groupe Média TFO. It is the only French-language television service in Canada that operates entirely outside Quebec. The network airs cultural programming, including blocks of French-language children's programs, along with original series, documentaries, and films.
The network was first established in 1985 as La Chaîne Française, a spin-off of the provincial English-language public broadcaster TVO, later re-branding as TFO in 1995. The network operated under the auspices of TVO until 2007, when it was spun off into an autonomous agency.
TFO is available on multichannel television providers throughout Ontario; all cable and IPTV providers in the province are required to carry it on their basic tier. TFO is also carried nationally on the Bell Satellite TV and Shaw Direct satellite television services.  The network previously broadcast over-the-air in some communities in Eastern and Northern Ontario with significant Franco-Ontarian populations; these transmitters ceased operations in 2012.
Altamira may refer to:
Claude Thomas may refer to:

Claude Thomas (baseball) (1890–1946), Major League Baseball pitcher
Claude Thomas (footballer) (1891–1918), Australian rules footballer
Claude AnShin Thomas (born 1947), American Zen Buddhist monk and Vietnam War veteran
A dome car is a type of railway passenger car that has a glass dome on the top of the car where passengers can ride and see in all directions around the train. It also can include features of a coach, lounge car, dining car, sleeping car or observation. Beginning in 1945, a total of 236 were delivered for North American railroad companies. Three companies manufactured dome cars for North America: American Car and Foundry, Budd, and Pullman-Standard. In addition, the Southern Pacific Railroad constructed seven dome-lounges in its own shops.


OrigAudio is a consumer audio company launched by Jason Lucash and Mike Szymczak. Their products include “Fold n’ Play”, foldable speakers made from recycled materials and  utilizing the Japanese art of origami to fold and unfold.
Motion to Rejoin is the second full-length album by Brightblack Morning Light.  It was released on September 23, 2008 by Matador Records.


Copper Peak is an 8,965-foot (2,733-metre) mountain summit located in the Entiat Mountains, a sub-range of the North Cascades, in Chelan County of Washington state. Copper Peak is situated 80 miles northeast of Seattle in the Glacier Peak Wilderness, on land managed by the Wenatchee National Forest. Copper Peak ranks 21st-highest on Washington's highest 100 peaks, and 19th on the "Bulger List." The nearest higher neighbor is Mount Fernow, 0.88 miles (1.42 km) to the south. Precipitation runoff from the mountain and meltwater from the glacier on the southeast slope drains into nearby Lake Chelan via Railroad Creek. The first ascent of the peak was made in August 1937 by Franklin Bennet, Edgar Courtwright, and Toivo Hagman. The peak's toponym refers to an abandoned copper mine that once operated at the northeast base of the peak.


Stein-Säckingen railway station (German: Bahnhof Stein-Säckingen) is a railway station in the municipality of Stein, in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is an intermediate stop on the Bözberg line and western terminus of the Koblenz–Stein-Säckingen line. It is served by local and regional trains.
Afonso Henrique da Costa Guimarães, known as Alphonsus de Guimaraens; (July 24, 1870 in Ouro Preto – July 15, 1921 in Mariana) was a Brazilian poet.
The poetry of Alphonsus de Guimaraes is substantially mystical and involved with Catholicism. His sonnets display a classical structure, and are profoundly religious. They become increasingly sensitive as he explores the meaning of death, of the impossible love, of solitude and of his inadequacy regarding the world. However, the mystical tone marks in his works a feeling of acceptance and of resignation towards life, suffering and pain. Another characteristic aspect of his work ids the use of spirituality in relation to the feminine figure, which is considered to be an angel, or a celestial being. As a result of that, Guimaraes shows himself not one as a Symbolist but also a follower of Neo-romanticism.
His works, predominantly poetic, made him one of the main Symbolist authors in Brazil. In reference to the city he spent most of his life in, he is also called the "loner of Mariana", his "ivory tower of Symbolism" ("o solitário de Mariana" and "torre de marfim do Simbolismo", respectively, in Portuguese).
The Ministry of Rural Development and Lands (Spanish: Ministerio de Desarrollo Rural y Tierras) is a Bolivian government ministry in charge of rural development. The current minister is Edwin Ronald Characayo. The Ministry has three two child agencies: Agricultural Development and Coca and Integral Development.
Aleksey Nikolaevich Avramenko (Belarusian: Аляксей Мікалаевіч Аўраменка; 11 May 1977 – 4 July 2023) was a Belarusian politician who served as Minister of Transport and Communications from 2019 to 2023.
Avramenko was likely responsible for the 23 May 2021 Ryanair Flight 4978 being diverted to Minsk airport as it travelled from Greece to Lithuania, allowing journalist Roman Protasevich to be arrested in Belarus.
Following the Ryanair flight diversion, Avramenko was sanctioned by a number of countries. The diversion was considered a politically motivated decision aimed at arresting and detaining Pratasevich and his girlfriend Sofia Sapega and being a form of repression against civil society and democratic opposition in Belarus.
Avramenko died suddenly on 4 July 2023, at the age of 46.
Tapanilan Erä is a Finnish sports club that was founded in 1933, with various teams in different disciplines. It is one of Finland's largest sporting clubs.
The Marungu highlands are in the Tanganyika Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to the west of the southern half of Lake Tanganyika.
Rémy Jacques (1 January 1817 – 15 September 1905) was a French lawyer and politician. He represented the department of Oran, French Algeria, in the National Assembly and then the Chamber of Deputies from 1871 to 1882.
He was then Senator of Oran from 1882 to 1900.
The siege of Castelnuovo was an engagement during the Ottoman-Habsburg struggle for control of the Mediterranean, which took place in July 1539 at the walled town of Castelnuovo, present-day Herceg Novi, Montenegro. Castelnuovo had been conquered by elements of various Spanish tercios the year before during the failed campaign of the Holy League against the Ottoman Empire in Eastern Mediterranean waters. The walled town was besieged by land and sea by a powerful Ottoman army under Hayreddin Barbarossa, who offered an honourable surrender to the defenders. These terms were rejected by the Spanish commanding officer Francisco de Sarmiento and his captains even though they knew that the Holy League's fleet, defeated at the Battle of Preveza, could not relieve them. During the siege, Barbarossa's army suffered heavy losses due to the stubborn resistance of Sarmiento's men. Even the Venetian refused the promised naval link to Castelnuovo with the supplies and reinforcements; after a general troop parliament, the commanding officer Francisco de Sarmiento asked his captains what his answer should be to Barbarossa's offer to surrender. The captains responded: "Que vengan cuando quieran" (Let them come whenever they want).  However, Castelnuovo eventually fell into Ottoman hands and almost all the Spanish defenders, including Sarmiento, were killed. The loss of the town ended the Christian attempt to regain control of the Eastern Mediterranean. The courage displayed by the Old Tercio of Naples during this last stand, however, was praised and admired throughout Europe and was the subject of numerous poems and songs.
Sant Salvador may refer to:

Sant Salvador de Breda, parish church and former Benedictine monastery in Breda
Sant Salvador de Guardiola, village in the comarca of Bages
Sant Salvador de la Vedella, Benedictine monastery in Catalonia
Ulmaris is a genus of jellyfish in the family Ulmaridae.
The Morgan Prize (full name Frank and Brennie Morgan Prize for Outstanding Research in Mathematics by an Undergraduate Student) is an annual award given to an undergraduate student in the US, Canada, or Mexico who demonstrates superior mathematics research. The $1,200 award, endowed by Mrs. Frank Morgan of Allentown, Pennsylvania, was founded in 1995. The award is made jointly by the American Mathematical Society, the Mathematical Association of America, and the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics. The Morgan Prize has been described as the highest honor given to an undergraduate in mathematics.
Asu Jadid (Persian: اسوجديد, also Romanized as Asū Jadīd; also known as Asū and Āsān) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 32 families.
Rockstar London Limited is a British video game developer and a studio of Rockstar Games based in London. Mark Washbrook established the company in November 2005 within Rockstar Games' European publishing offices. The studio's first game was Manhunt 2, which it took over from Rockstar Vienna after that studio was shut down in May 2006. Rockstar London later developed Midnight Club: L.A. Remix and co-led the development of Max Payne 3. Washbrook left the company in January 2011.
The 6th Airborne Brigade (Polish: 6 Brygada Powietrznodesantowa (6 BPD)) is an elite brigade of the Polish Armed Forces, headquartered in Kraków. The formation specializes as airborne forces and air assault troops, being intended to conduct assault operations from either aircraft or helicopters at a high state of readiness.
Thunder Alley is a 1985 American drama film written and directed by J. S. Cardone and starring Leif Garrett, Roger Wilson, Jill Schoelen, Scott McGinnis, Cindy Eilbacher and Clancy Brown. The film was released on August 1, 1985, by The Cannon Group, Inc.
Jacobi Robinson (born 31 December 1984) is a Bermudian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler. He has played one first-class match for Bermuda to date, against Canada in the 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup.
In April 2018, he was named in Bermuda's squad for the 2018 ICC World Cricket League Division Four tournament in Malaysia.
Fifth Republican Art Exhibition "Soviet Russia" (Moscow, 1975) (Russian: Пятая Республиканская художественная выставка "Советская Россия" 1975 года) become a main national art event of 1975, as well as one of the largest Soviet art exhibitions of the mid-1970s. Exhibition took place in Manezh Exhibition Hall.
Khordeh Qeshlaq (Persian: خرده قشلاق, romanized: Khordeh Qeshlāq) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 35, in 8 families.
The Steam Deck is a handheld gaming computer produced by Valve, designed to run the large library of games available on the Steam storefront client. Built upon the experiences gained from Valve's earlier ventures with Steam Machine and the Steam Controller, the Steam Deck integrates a custom AMD APU and SteamOS 3.0, a Linux-based operating system. The Steam Deck represents Valve's pivot towards a fully internal hardware development approach, following the challenges faced with Steam Machines' reliance on external manufacturers and the requirement for native Linux game support.
Since its release in February 2022, the Steam Deck has garnered significant attention for its widespread adoption and versatility, including support for both native Linux games and those running through Proton, a compatibility layer for Windows games. Additionally, the Steam Deck features a desktop mode and allows users to install third-party Linux applications. The device has seen multiple revisions, including the introduction of OLED screen models in November 2023. Despite criticism regarding battery life, the Steam Deck has achieved notable commercial success, selling millions of units and influencing the market with its approach to portable gaming, and has spurred interest in similar handheld gaming computers.
Myth Takes is the third album by !!!. The album was released on March 5, 2007. It was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee, United States, and features drummer Jerry Fuchs. Early limited edition copies of the CD version of the album came with a second disc containing three remixes.
The first single was "Heart of Hearts", which was released as a free download and a limited vinyl picture disc on February 19, 2007. A video has been made for "Must Be the Moon" by Ben Dickinson. "Must Be the Moon" was released as a single on May 14, 2007 (June 5, 2007 in North America). It is only available as a digital download and 12" vinyl.
The song "All My Heroes Are Weirdos" is available in the video games Tony Hawk's Proving Ground and FIFA 08. "Yadnus" would be heard in an episode of The Blacklist. In addition, the Still Going to the Roadhouse mix of "Yadnus" appears on the Radio Broker radio station in Grand Theft Auto IV. The album art was created by artist Kevin Hooyman, a friend of the band. The song "Must Be the Moon" was featured in a 2010 Cartoon Network bumper.
A poster advertising this album is prominently featured on the wall of the basement office that forms the setting of the British sitcom The IT Crowd.
Meudon Great Refractor (also known as the Grande Lunette) is a double telescope with lenses (83 cm + 62 cm), in Meudon, France. It is a twin refracting telescope built in 1891, with one visual and one photographic, on a single square-tube together on an equatorial mount, inside a dome. The Refractor was built for the Meudon Observatory, and is the largest double doublet (twin achromat) refracting telescope in Europe, but about the same size as several telescopes in this period, when this style of telescope was popular. Other large telescopes of a similar type include the James Lick telescope (91.4), Potsdam Great Refractor (80+50 cm), and the Greenwich 28 inch refractor (71.1 cm).
Institutionally it was part of the Meudon Observatory, which later became integrated with the Paris observatory.
The Great Refractor was used for research well into the 1980s, after nearly a century of use. In the 21st century it was renovated and re-opened for public outreach.
The telescope is noted for being used to disprove the theory of Martian canals, which was a popular story in the late 19th century.
The telescope lenses were made by the Henry Brothers, and the mounting was made by Gautier.
Lukino (Russian: Лукино) is a rural locality (a village) in Kargopolsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 210 as of 2012.
Graham Ivan Clark (born January 9, 2003) is an American computer hacker, cybercriminal and a convicted felon regarded as the mastermind behind the 2020 Twitter account hijacking.
Jacqueline K. Barton (born May 7, 1952 New York City, NY), is an American chemist. She worked as a professor of chemistry at Hunter College (1980–82), and at Columbia University (1983–89) before joining the California Institute of Technology.  In 1997 she became the Arthur and Marian Hanisch Memorial Professor of Chemistry and from 2009 to 2019, the Norman Davidson Leadership Chair of the Division of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering at Caltech. She currently is the John G. Kirkwood and Arthur A. Noyes Professor of Chemistry, Emerita.
Barton studies the chemical and physical properties of DNA and their roles in biological activities.  The primary focus of her research is transverse electron transport along double-stranded DNA, its implications in the biology of DNA damage and repair, and its potential for materials sciences applications such as targeted chemotherapeutic treatments for cancer.  Among many other awards, Barton has received the 2011 National Medal of Science and the 2015 Priestley Medal.


Jason Higgins (born 28 March 1995) is an Irish-born Canadian rugby union player, currently playing for the Chicago Hounds of Major League Rugby (MLR) and the Canadian national team. His preferred position is scrum-half.
Cleptometopus padangensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1943.
John Potts (c. 1791–1841) was the inventor of a method of calico printing by the
use of copper rollers onto which patterns had been engraved. He was born in Manchester, he moved to New Mills, Derbyshire  in 1820. He founded the firm of engravers to calico printers known as Potts, Oliver and Potts, with his brother William Wainwright Potts, at St. George's Works.
John was an artist and engraver, William was more interested in pottery. Some pottery was made and decorated in New Mills in the upper works which was described as a print and pot works as late as 1841. John Potts also did some printing on his own account, focusing his attention on the printing of silk. The William Wainwright Potts eventually moved to Burslem to become a pottery manufacturer.
The 2023 Vitas Gerulaitis Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2023 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Vilnius, Lithuania between 6 and 12 February 2023.
The 2017 Midwestern State Mustangs football team represented Midwestern State University in the 2017 NCAA Division II football season. They were led by head coach Bill Maskill, who is in his 16th season at Midwestern State. The Mustangs played their home games at Memorial Stadium and were members of the Lone Star Conference.
The glenoid tubercles are two small bony eminences (or tubercles) located above and below the glenoid cavity on the scapula. The glenoid tubercles consist of the supra- and the infraglenoid tubercle. The Latin terms supra and infra meaning above and below respectively refers to the tubercles location in relation to the glenoid cavity. The Latin term glenoid meaning socket or cavity refers to the glenoid cavity.
The glenoid tubercles serves as attachment points for the long heads of the biceps brachii and the triceps brachii muscles.
Pedro Chirivella Burgos (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈpeðɾo tʃiɾiˈβeʎa]; born 23 May 1997) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Ligue 1 club Nantes, whom he also captains.
He began his professional career at Liverpool, playing 11 games, of which one in the Premier League. He was loaned to Go Ahead Eagles and Willem II in the Dutch Eredivisie before moving to Nantes at the end of his contract in 2020. With them, he won the Coupe de France in 2022.
Frank Reilly McCabe (June 30, 1927 – April 18, 2021) was an American basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. Born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, McCabe played collegiately at Marquette University. He was part of the American basketball team, which won the gold medal. He played six matches.
Lallation may refer to:

A developmental stage in infantile speech from around 7–8 months when a child repeats (often incorrectly) sounds they have heard
A difficulty with enunciation which makes l sound like r (see lambdacism) or vice versa (see rhotacism)
The Allegheny Conference on Community Development is a nonprofit, private sector leadership organization dedicated to economic development and quality of life issues for a 10-county region in southwestern Pennsylvania, United States centered around the largest city in the region, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It grew from efforts in the 1940s to coordinate improvements to regional transportation and the local environment. During World War II, the Pittsburgh Regional Planning Association President Richard King Mellon, Carnegie Institute of Technology President Robert Doherty, and others organized local leaders to create a postwar planning committee. Pittsburgh Mayor David L. Lawrence and Allegheny County Commissioner John Kane were early recruits. The Allegheny Conference was officially established in 1944.
The city's most visible problem in the first half of the 20th century was air pollution. The Conference brokered an agreement for phased-in implementation of smoke control that became city policy. After the Conference voiced its concern for legal loopholes to the state legislature in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a comprehensive anti-pollution law was passed in 1949 for Allegheny County.
The clearer skies over the city both attracted new business and encouraged local corporations to retain and expand their Pittsburgh headquarters. The pollution-control program explicitly influenced the decision of the Equitable Life Assurance Society to invest in planning the Gateway Center project, a keystone of economic revitalization in Downtown Pittsburgh during Renaissance I. This also led to the development of Point State Park. The Conference also played a role in the appropriation of funds for the construction of flood control dams on the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers.
In the 1940s and 1950s, mass transit in Allegheny County was in jeopardy because of 40 private transit companies and increased competition from cars. The Conference released a report in 1951 calling for all local transit lines to be under one authority. Public suspicions and private interests delayed the measure until service cutbacks and strikes rekindled the idea in 1957. The Conference was instrumental in building public and private support. In 1959, legislation was passed to create the Port Authority of Allegheny County, and the first buses were rolling in 1964.
Allegheny Conference is a longtime partner with the RIDC.  In 1981 it formed the Regional Economic Development Committee with the RIDC that included "18 of the region's top corporate executives".
The Conference also led the transformation of the 14-block Penn-Liberty Corridor into the Pittsburgh Cultural District. A related effort was Strategy 21 that enabled public and private agencies in Allegheny County to speak with one voice when requesting state funds. Strategy 21 not only resulted in projects that ranged from the new Pittsburgh International Airport to The Andy Warhol Museum.
In 2001, the Conference entered into a strategic affiliation with the Greater Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce, the Pennsylvania Economy League of Southwestern Pennsylvania, and the Pittsburgh Regional Alliance (PRA), with the four organizations merging many staff positions in 2003.
The Govăjdia Blast Furnace is a disused blast furnace in Govăjdia village, Ghelari Commune, Hunedoara County, in the Transylvania region of Romania.
An earlier blast furnace had been set up at Toplița in 1781, but the quantity of raw materials it prepared for workshops involved in cast iron refining proved inadequate. Thus, the Thesaurariat at Sibiu, which represented the Imperial Austrian authorities, coordinated mining activities in Transylvania and had an office based in the Corvin Castle, decided in 1802 to build a second furnace in the Hunedoara area. The site chosen was at the confluence of two rivers close to a group of forge works and iron mines. Construction began in 1806, and although finished in 1810, production only began in April 1813, once the necessary annexes had been built. A tablet placed on the front of the furnace read: Augusto Imperante Francisco Extructum 1810 ("Built 1810 during the reign of the venerable Francis"). Its dimensions were: total height 8.5 m; hearth diameter at bottom 1.10 m; maximum bosh diameter 1.14 m; throat diameter 1.05 m; bosh height at lower line 3.15 m; working volume 2,002 m3.
The furnace's first period of use was fairly short at seven and a half months, as the crucible had become quite worn and enough cast iron had been generated to last the nearby workshops three years. In all, 1,380.3 tons of cast iron were produced. Periods of repair, use and abandonment followed over the ensuing century. In 1837, a fire caused structural damage to the furnace, and an investment of 40,529 florins was approved. Its volume was expanded to 26.45 m3 (934 cu ft), the water wheel was repaired and the bellows compressor was improved. On August 25, 1840, an air preheater began operating. In 1841, a narrow gauge railway for transporting ore to the furnace's upper opening was installed. Little wagons would load the ore downward into the furnace; this mechanism replaced the inclined planes used earlier. The railway was 246.8 m (810 ft) long and made of cast iron from Govăjdia, and was the first such of its kind in Transylvania, extended to Hunedoara in 1900 (see Transylvanian mining railway). The cooling systems, the loading mechanism and the continuous production cycle were quite advanced for contemporary Europe. In 1871, the annual output of the blast furnace  reached 5,605 tons. Its most intense period of production took place between 1871 and 1889. By the end of the 19th century, the furnace, fed with iron ore from the old mines in the Poiana Ruscă Mountains, was producing over 8,000 tons of gray iron annually, with a peak production of 8,800 tons in 1889. Legend holds that metal prepared there as well as at the Reșița works was used for raw material in the building of the Eiffel Tower, but there is no documentary evidence in support of this claim. Activity lessened after 1896 due to the new Hunedoara Steel Works. The final repairs were made in 1914–1916, and the last batch of cast iron came out in 1918. After World War I, the furnace went into decline, due to the lack of raw materials, especially coke, which had been brought until then from Silesia. The furnace closed down permanently in 1924.
In 1934, the two bellows were dismantled, and in 1944 the bridge on which the aggregate was loaded was demolished; the then director of the Hunedoara Iron Works, a refugee in Govăjdia, for fear of the Allied bombings, destroyed the bridge so as not to attract attention of airplanes as an industrial objective. Later on, the tile roof was opened. 
In 2000, the blast furnace was declared a monument of industrial architecture. In 2008, the site was acquired by Ghelari Town Hall because of a failure by Hunedoara Steel Works, the previous owner, to pay taxes on the property. As of 2010, the chimney was intact with the original iron girdles still in place, but the roof was in serious need of repair, and the site was strewn with garbage, although the interior was fairly clean.
USS General J. R. Brooke (AP-132) was a General G. O. Squier-class transport ship for the U.S. Navy in World War II. She was named in honor of U.S. Army general John Rutter Brooke. Decommissioned in 1946, she was sold privately in 1964 and renamed SS Marymar, and was scrapped in 1979.
The District Council of Peterborough is a local government area in the Yorke and Mid North region of South Australia. The principal town and council seat is Peterborough; it also includes the localities of Cavenagh, Dawson, Hardy, Minvalara, Nackara, Oodla Wirra, Paratoo, Parnaroo, Sunnybrae, Ucolta and Yongala.
It was formed on 21 March 1935, when the District Council of Coglin and the District Council of Yongala merged with part of the Corporate Town of Peterborough to create the new council. The remainder of the Corporate Town of Peterborough continued on as an independent municipality surrounded by the District Council until the two were amalgamated in 1997. It still operates out of the heritage-listed 1927 Peterborough Town Hall.
The J. J. Kavanagh & Sons Premier Junior Hurling Championship is an annual hurling competition organised by the Kilkenny County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association since 1905 for the third-tier hurling teams in the county of Kilkenny in Ireland.
The series of games are played during the summer and autumn months with the county final currently being played at Nowlan Park in October. The prize for the winning team is the Bob Aylward Cup. The championship has always been played on a straight knockout basis whereby once a team loses they are eliminated from the series.
The Kilkenny County Championship is an integral part of the wider Leinster GAA Junior Club Hurling Championship. The winners of the Kilkenny county final join the champions of the other hurling counties to contest the provincial championship.
The title has been won at least once by fifty-six different clubs. The all-time record-holders are Mooncoin, John Locke's, Mullinavat, Glenmore, James Stephens, Thomastown and Carrickshock, who have all won the competition four times.
Dunnamaggin were the 2018 winners after defeating Piltown in the championship decider.
Mooncoin are on top of the roll of honour with 7 titles, when they defeated Tullogher-Rosbercon in the 2021 final. Blacks and Whites defeated Windgap in the 2022 final to claim the title.
Descanso is a genus of jumping spiders that was first described by George and Elizabeth Peckham in 1892. The name is derived from Spanish descanso, meaning "resting place (of a dead person)", from the verb descansar "to (have a) rest."


Sans Souci is a village located on the right bank of the Lower Tugela river, in  KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. The name is originally French and means without worries; it shares this name with the nearby farm of Sans Souci. Not much is known about its history, however a school existed as far back as 1893.
Washougal ( wah-SHOO-gəl) is a city in Clark County, Washington, United States. The population was 17,039 as of the 2020 census.


4 the Cause were a 1990s Germany-based group from Oak Park, Illinois, near Chicago, United States. The band consisted of the family members Shonna Edwards, Bennie Edwards, Reshonda Landfair and Jason Edwards.


The 2021 FIBA U16 European Challengers were international basketball competitions which took place from 16 to 21 August 2021, replacing the cancelled 2021 FIBA U16 European Championship. Top two teams from groups A, B and C qualified for the 2022 FIBA Under-17 Basketball World Cup.
Newport High School is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades nine through twelve in Newport, Arkansas, United States. It is the sole high school administered by the Newport School District.
Barthwal is a surname.
In geology, aquatic succession is the process in which a glacial lake dries up. Over the lifespan of a glacier it dissolves into a body of water. Aquatic succession is the continuing step of that solid water-turned-lake melting into the ground and further disappearing into limbo. The lakes sometime become underground lakes or rivers. The water tends to remain part of the local hydrosphere by percolating into aquifers.
Nifty Copper Mine is an open pit and underground mining operation in the Great Sandy Desert in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
The mine is located on the traditional land of the Martu people.
Sir Arthur Helps  (10 July 1813 – 7 March 1875) was an English writer and dean of the Privy Council. He was a Cambridge Apostle and an early advocate of animal rights.
Tell Me Why is the second solo studio album by American country music artist Wynonna Judd, released on Curb / MCA Records in 1993. It produced the hit singles "Only Love", "Is It Over Yet", "Rock Bottom", "Girls with Guitars", and the title track, all top ten hits on the Billboard country music charts. "Let's Make a Baby King" also charted at #61 based on unsolicited airplay. The title song also charted on the Billboard Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts.
Vetti (or Vetti Gard) is an old farm area in the Utla valley (Utladalen) in Årdal Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located northeast of Øvre Årdal, along the Utla river and has likely been inhabited since 1120.  From Vetti, there are two walking paths into the Utladalen Landscape Protection Area and the Jotunheimen National Park.  One path goes to the waterfall Vettisfossen and the other one goes to an old mountain farm, Vettismorki, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) to the north.
Vetti can be reached by foot or by horse-carriage from the nearby Hjelle farm, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) to the south.  Vetti is no longer regularly inhabited, but it is now used as a cafeteria and guesthouse for mountain hikers during summer months.
Charles Gerald O'Connor  (December 3, 1890 – November 16, 1949) was a provincial politician and judge from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1935 to 1940, sitting with the Liberal caucus in government. He also served on the Edmonton City Council in 1931 and 1932 and a federal court judge.


After the conquest of Kabul, Babur had imposed a large contribution of horses and sheep on the Sultan Masudi Hazaras and sent collectors to receive it. However, his collectors returned unsuccessful. The Hazaras refused to pay as they did not recognize Babur as their legitimate sovereign.  Several times before they had been guilty of depredations on the roads of Ghazni and Gardez. Babur decided to subdue the Hazaras in what is now Maidan Wardak Province of Afghanistan.
Babur took the field for the purpose of falling on them by surprise and having advanced by way of Maidan Shar he cleared the pass of Nirkh District by night and by the time of Fajr prayers, fell upon the Hazaras in the territory of Chatu and defeated them. He then levied the taxes on them and returned by way of Sang Surakh. Jahangir Mirza II took leave to go to Ghazni while Babur returned to Kabul.
Kelkit is a town in Gümüşhane Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey. It is the seat of Kelkit District. Its population is 21,316 (2022). The town lies at an elevation of 1,375 m (4,511 ft).
The name "Kelkit" comes from the Kelkit River, a major tributary of the Yeşil River, which flows into the Black Sea. The residents of the town are predominantly either farmers or small business owners.
Kozova settlement hromada (Ukrainian: Козівська селищна територіальна громада, romanized: Kozivska selyshchna terytorialna hromada is a hromada in Ukraine, in Ternopil Raion of Ternopil Oblast. The administrative center is the urban-type settlement of Kozova. Its population is 24,732 (2022 estimate)
Roland Mushat Frye (July 3, 1921 – January 13, 2005) was an American English literature scholar and theologian.
Todd S. Marshall is an American illustrator and paleoartist specializing in reconstructions of prehistoric animals, particularly dinosaurs, as well as concept art for video game companies and films. Marshall's original dinosaur art has been featured in natural history museums, scientific papers and children's books.
In Los Angeles in the early 1980s he painted album covers for heavy metal bands including Mötley Crüe, W.A.S.P., and L.A. Guns. His interest in and production of concept art began under the mentorship of character designer Mark "Crash" McCreery, and Marshall later became well-known as a paleoartist by working on a number of new dinosaur discoveries and press releases with paleontologist Paul Sereno at the University of Chicago. He is based in Boise, Idaho.
In interview with Steve White, Marshall describes his introduction to the art of dinosaur reconstruction through the 1966 film One Million Years B.C., which inspired his first attempt at paleoart (a Brontosaurus) at age four or five. Originally from Kansas, he moved to Los Angeles to pursue his dream of becoming a rock star, and later decided that it would be more lucrative and consistent with his talents to become an illustrator. He attended the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, where he met "Crash" McCreery, who Marshall cites as a chief influence along with music stars such as Elvis Presley, special effects artists such as Ray Harryhausen, movie producers and directors including George Lucas and Steven Spielberg, and classic paleoartists such as Charles R. Knight. As a professional paleoartist, Marshall prefers to work in acrylic paints and particularly enjoys the use of airbrushes.
The University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) holds its basketball tournaments, which were held from September to December. There were a total of 8 participating teams.
The word bespoke () has evolved from a verb meaning 'to speak for something', to its contemporary usage as an adjective. Originally, the adjective bespoke described tailor-made suits and shoes. Later, it described anything commissioned to a particular specification (altered or tailored to the customs, tastes, or usage of an individual purchaser). In contemporary usage, bespoke has become a general marketing and branding concept implying exclusivity and limited runs.
Nicholas Restaurant is a chain of three Lebanese restaurants in the Portland metropolitan area, in the United States. It is one of the oldest Lebanese and Middle Eastern restaurants in Portland. The business also operates in Gresham.
The Bronck House, also known as the Pieter Bronck House, is a historic house museum west of Coxsackie in Greene County, New York.  With a construction history dating to 1663, it is believed to be the oldest surviving building in Upstate New York, and is a well-preserved example of early Dutch and Swedish Colonial architecture.  It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1967.  It is now a museum property managed by the county historical society.


María Teresa Macías (born 29 September 1975 in Badajoz, Spain) is a Spanish politician and senator. She serves the Chairman of the Agriculture, Fisheries and Food Committee of the Spanish Senate. She was elected senator on May 21, 2019, after the general elections.
The Diocese of Novgorod (Russian: Новгородская епархия) is one of the oldest offices in the Russian Orthodox Church. The medieval archbishops of Novgorod were among the most important figures in medieval Russian history and culture and their successors (as bishops, archbishops, or metropolitans) have continued to play significant roles in Russian history up to the present day. They patronized a significant number of churches in and around the city, (several of which can still be seen today), and their artistic and architectural embellishments influenced later Russian art and architecture; they also patronized chronicle-writing, a crucial source on medieval Russian history.
Dencik is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Daniel Dencik (born 1972), Danish writer and film director
David Dencik (born 1974), Swedish-Danish actor
Lina Dencik, British social scientist
Donald Eugene Cardwell (December 7, 1935 – January 14, 2008) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) right-handed pitcher who played for five National League (NL) teams from 1957 to 1970. He was the first pitcher in major league history to pitch a no-hitter in his first game after being traded. He pitched a no-hit, 4–0 winning game for the Chicago Cubs on May 15, 1960, just two days after being traded from the Philadelphia Phillies. After winning 15 games for the Cubs in 1961, he won 13 games twice for the Pittsburgh Pirates before helping the New York Mets win the 1969 World Series title.
Born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, Cardwell signed with the Philadelphia Phillies as an amateur free agent in 1954.


Assassin's Creed: Bloodlines is a 2009 action-adventure video game developed by Griptonite Games and published by Ubisoft. It is the second spin-off installment in the Assassin's Creed franchise, and acts as a direct sequel to Assassin's Creed (2007). Beginning shortly after that game's events, Bloodlines follows Altaïr Ibn-LaʼAhad as he travels to Cyprus to eliminate the last remnants of the Templar Order and learn more about their plans. The game also explores Altaïr's relationship with Maria Thorpe, a Templar agent whose life he spared in the first game and who would eventually become his wife.
The game was announced by Sony at the E3 Conference in June 2009 as a new title for their PlayStation Portable console. Bloodlines was released in November 2009, concurrently with Assassin's Creed II and Assassin's Creed II: Discovery, and received mixed reviews from critics. The next spin-off in the series, Assassin's Creed III: Liberation, was released in October 2012.
Joanne B. Huelsman (born March 21, 1938) is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
Born in Harvey, Illinois, Huelsman received her bachelor's degree from University of Wisconsin–Madison and her law degree from Marquette University Law School. Huelsman practiced law, was in the real estate business, and owned a small business. She served on the Waukesha, Wisconsin Board of Education and the Waukesha County Board of Supervisors. Huelsman was elected to the Senate in 1990 and was re-elected in 1994 and 1998. Previously, she was elected to the Assembly in 1988. She is a Republican.
Pavlovsk may refer to:
Aigrefeuille may refer to several communes in France:

Aigrefeuille, Haute-Garonne
Aigrefeuille-d'Aunis, Charente-Maritime
Aigrefeuille-sur-Maine, Loire-Atlantique
The list of fires in Kyoto encompasses an essential aspect of urban life in the Japanese capital.
Oleksandr Volodymyrovych Poklonskyi (Ukrainian: Олександр Володимирович Поклонський; born 22 January 1975) is a retired Ukrainian professional footballer and current manager of Samgurali Tsqaltubo.


Edgardo Rebosio (born 28 June 1914 in Milan) was an Italian professional football player.
In the Fishtank 7 features Low and Dirty Three.
In November 1999 Konkurrent invited Low to record one of Konk's in house Fishtank-sessions. Low, being familiar with the series, accepted. In the spirit of 'In The Fishtank' Low took things a step further and extended the invitation to their friends Dirty Three to collaborate on the session which took place when both bands played the Crossing Border Festival in Amsterdam.
The women's hammer throw event at the 2024 African Championships in Athletics was held on 22 June in Douala, Cameroon.
Lebl may refer to:
A total solar eclipse occurred at the Moon's ascending node of orbit on Sunday, November 3, 2013, with a magnitude of 1.0159. It was a hybrid event, a narrow total eclipse, and beginning as an annular eclipse and concluding as a total eclipse, in this particular case. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun's, blocking all direct sunlight, turning day into darkness. Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth's surface, with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide. Occurring about 2.9 days before perigee (on November 6, 2013, at 9:20 UTC), the Moon's apparent diameter was larger.


Zetzwil is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The British College (also known as TBC) is an independent institution located in Trade Tower Business Center, Thapathali, Kathmandu. It offers British and international qualifications.
The British College offers undergraduate and postgraduate programmes which are awarded by its two partner UK universities: the University of the West of England (UWE) and Leeds Beckett University (LBU).
Pariah Press was the company, funded by Mike Nystul, that published the first commercial edition of The Whispering Vault role-playing game.
Velike Dole (pronounced [ˈʋeːlike ˈdoːlɛ]; German: Großdule) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia. It lies on the regional road leading south from Zagorica pri Velikem Gabru to Žužemberk. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Yoo-kyung is a Korean feminine given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 62 hanja with the reading "yu" and 54 hanja with the reading "kyung" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be used in given names.
People with this name include:

Jung Yoo-kyung (born 1968), South Korean television screenwriter
Kim Yoo-kyung (born 1975), South Korean rhythmic gymnast
Klara Min (born Min Yu-kyoung, c. 1976), South Korean pianist
Hong Yoo-kyung (born 1994), South Korean singer and dancer
Fictional characters with this name include:

Jung Yoo-kyung, in 2006 South Korean television series Alone in Love
Seo Yoo-kyung, in 2010 South Korean television series Pasta
Opponenterna ('the Opponents') was a group of 84 Swedish artists who, under the leadership of Ernst Josephson, organized the Opponent Movement (Opponentrörelsen) in the 1880s. On 27 March 1885, the members submitted their written demands to the Royal Swedish Academy of Fine Arts for a modernization and reform of art education, exhibition activities and support for artists. However, their demands were rejected, which in turn led to the formation of the Konstnärsförbundet ('the Artists' Association') the following year.
Aldo Piga (1928–1994) was an Italian-American composer who worked mainly in New York.
Aldo Piga's work was mainly produced in the 1950s and 1960s in Italy. He started as a song composer and later approached the movie soundtrack field. His participation in the pop music Italian market counts with two participations in the famous contest of Sanremo, one of which was overshadowed in the year of the famous Modugno's song "Volare". He recorded about one hundred film soundtracks. One film soundtrack that he contributed to was Il grido, a 1957 Italian drama directed by Michelangelo Antonioni, which included  “Non lo saprai mai” (You will never
know it) by Piga and Renato Barneschi. His activity as a composer was strongly influenced by classical music and bebop jazz roots of his early years in the New York music scene. 
Piga's work was also known to British television audiences in the last late 1950s. "Come to My Arms", which Piga wrote with Maurizio de Angelis and  Jack Elliott featured on the British television programme Six-Five Special in 1958, where it was performed by Dickie Valentine.
After a promising career as a music writer, he decided to start working as a film producer in the late 1960s. This change led to an end in both his careers as a writer and producer. In the 1990s Piga left Italy to retire in New York where he spent his last days until 1994.
The Fremont Pathfinders were a minor league baseball team, based in Fremont, Nebraska. Preceded by a Fremont team in 1892, Fremont teams played exclusively as members of the Nebraska State League. The Pathfinders won league championships in their first season of 1910 and a second in 1912, before folding following the 1913 season, when the franchise relocated and became the Norfolk Drummers. Fremont played minor league home games at the Association Lot.
In 2019, the Fremont Moo, a Collegiate summer baseball franchise, began play.
Peter Maloney may refer to:

Peter Maloney (politician), Canadian politician
Peter Maloney (actor) (born 1944), American actor
Peter Maloney (cricketer) (born 1950), Australian cricketer
Jakub Šimoňák (born 5 June 1996) is a Slovak luger. He competed in the men's singles event at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Sungai Balang (Jawi: سوڠاي بالڠ; Chinese: 双溪峇廊) is a mukim in Muar District, Johor, Malaysia. It is located on Federal Route 5. Its name literally means Balang River.
Sungai Balang also noted as a sanctuary of migratory birds stopover along its coast beside Parit Jawa.
SOFR Academy, Inc. is a U.S.-based economic education and market information provider. In connection with global reference rate reform and the transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), the firm operationalized benchmark credit spreads US-dollar Across-the-curve credit spread indices (AXI) that can be referenced in lending products in conjunction with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) to mitigate mismatches for financial institutions between their assets and liabilities in times of market stress thereby promoting their ability to provide credit.
SOFR Academy is a member of various industry and academic associations such as the American Economic Association (AEA), the Loan Syndications and Trading Association (LSTA), the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade (BAFT), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the American Bankers Association (ABA), the United States Chamber of Commerce (USCC), and the Bretton Woods Committee (BWC).
Valleyheart is the third and final studio album from She Wants Revenge. It was first released on 24 May 2011 through their own label Perfect Kiss and Five Seven Music in the United States.
MOD Worthy Down is a tri-service establishment in Winchester, Hampshire, England. It forms part of the wider Winchester Garrison and houses the headquarters of the Defence School of Logistics and Administration (DSLA), as well as the headquarters of the Royal Logistic Corps and Adjutant General's Corps. DSLA provides logistic support, personnel administration and leadership training to all three armed services. The site is north of Winchester, between the villages of South Wonston and Kings Worthy.
Beit may refer to:

Beit (surname)
Beit baronets
Bet (letter), a letter of the Semitic abjad
A component of Arabic placenames and Hebrew placenames, literally meaning 'house'
Masada: Beit album by American jazz band Masada
Bayt (poetry), a metrical unit in Arabic poetry and poetries which borrowed this word
"Lil Freak" is a song by American singer Usher, taken from his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond. Featuring guest vocals by Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj, the song was written by her, Usher, Ester Dean, Blac Elvis and Polow da Don, the latter two producing the track. Its hook is based on a manipulated sample of American soul musician Stevie Wonder's 1973 hit, "Living for the City". "Lil Freak" was released as the second single from the album in the United States and Canada on March 2, 2010.
Carrying a dark tone, composed of heavy bass beats derived from R&B and hip hop music, the lyrics are about the thrill of orchestrating a ménage à trois in a club. The song received positive reviews from critics who complimented its sensual nature. It peaked at number 40 on the Billboard Hot 100, and eight on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, becoming Usher's 16th top ten hit on the latter chart. The song's accompanying music video has a secret society concept, dealing with an underground club, playing on the storyline of the song.
Mahinda Aluwihara (Sinhala: මහින්ද අලුවිහාර) was a Sri Lankan football player who played primarily as a central midfielder and could also be deployed as an wide midfielder. He was also the captain of the Ceylon national team.
Manuela Berchtold (born 27 May 1977) is an Australian freestyle skier, who represented Australia at the 2002 and 2006 Winter Olympics.
She competed in the women's moguls and placed 27th in 2002. She was hampered by injuries between Olympics and had a knee reconstruction. In 2006, she came 16th in the qualifying round to make the finals, where she came 14th. She then retired.
Manuela now owns and operates a gym in Jindabyne New South Wales, High Country Fitness.
Elva Cemetery (Estonian: Elva kalmistu) is a cemetery in a forest park on the edge of the city of Elva, Estonia. The address of the cemetery is Vaikne tänav 39.
The Twenty-Ninth Wisconsin Legislature convened from January 12, 1876, to March 14, 1876, in regular session.
Senators representing even-numbered districts were newly elected for this session and were serving the first year of a two-year term. Assembly members were elected to a one-year term. Assembly members and even-numbered senators were elected in the general election of November 2, 1875. Senators representing odd-numbered districts were serving the second year of their two-year term, having been elected in the general election held on November 3, 1874.
Kaylene Whiskey is a contemporary Aboriginal Australian artist.  She won the 2018 Sir John Sulman Prize at the Art Gallery of New South Wales and was a finalist for the 2020 Archibald Prize. Her work is exhibited in many important Australian galleries. 
Whiskey is a Pitjantjatjara woman from Indulkana, a remote Aboriginal community in South Australia, and is the granddaughter of Whiskey Tjukangku. Like her grandfather, she paints with Iwantja Arts.
The Kropyvna Regiment (Ukrainian: Кропивнянський полк, romanized: Kropyvniantskyi polk) was one the territorial-administrative subdivisions of the Cossack Hetmanate. The regiment's capital was the city of Kropyvna, now a village in Cherkasy Oblast of central Ukraine.
In 1648, during Khmelnytsky Uprising , Irkliiv Regiment was raised, with colonel Mykhailo Teliuchenko commanding it. On 16 October 1649 Irkliiv and neighboring part of Lubny Regiment were merged to form Kropyvna Regiment. The only regimental colonel was Filon Dzhelaliy.
Hetman Ivan Vyhovsky disbanded the regiment in 1658 after death of colonel Filon Dzhelaliy. The regiments sotnias were all transferred to recreated Irkliiv Regiment and Lubny Regiment.
Play It Loud is the debut studio album by American country music artist Chris Cagle. It features the singles "My Love Goes On and On", "Laredo", "I Breathe In, I Breathe Out", and "Country by the Grace of God".
The disc was originally issued on Virgin Nashville in 2000, minus the tracks "I Breathe In, I Breathe Out" and "Are You Ever Gonna Love Me."  After Virgin shut down its country division and Cagle moved to sister company Capitol Nashville in 2001, the album was re-issued with these additional tracks and new album art. The newly added tracks were produced by Chris Lindsey.
Deh Now-e Shurab (Persian: دهنوشوراب, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Shūrāb; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 19 families.
Henri Welschinger (1846–1919) was a French historian, journalist, and litterateur.


Prince Christian may refer to:
The Pakistan CLP class locomotive was a class of diesel locomotives operated by Pakistan Railways between 1955 and 1985.
The inaugural race in the Talladega 500 (now Yellawood 500) series was held on September 14, 1969, at Alabama International Motor Speedway in Talladega, Alabama, USA.
Elizabeth S. Sattely is an American scientist and biotechnology engineer. She is an Associate Professor of Chemical Engineering [1] in the Department of Chemical Engineering, an HHMI investigator, and a ChEM-H Faculty Fellow at Stanford University.
George (Георгий in Russian, died 1079) was an Eastern Orthodox Metropolitan of Kiev and all Rus', serving from 1069 to 1073. 
George was the seventh Byzantine church leader in Kievan Rus, and he arrived to what is now Ukraine around 1062. George did not recognize the sanctity of the local martyrs, and four years after his appointment he returned to Byzantium.
Metropolitan George is credited as author of polemical work "Struggle against the Latina" (Stiazanie s latinoiu) in relation to the 1054 East–West Schism.
Marcia Morales Howard (born July 16, 1965) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida.
OSN News is a 24-hour satellite channel offering exclusively American news programming from NBC, and MSNBC to U.S. expatriates, primarily geared towards an audience in the Arab countries. The channel is available on OSN Network in Middle East and North Africa.
The Zebra is an insurance comparison site with headquarters in Austin, Texas. It compares rates from over 200 insurance carriers.
Tomitarō Horii (堀井 富太郎, Horii Tomitarō, November 7, 1890 –  November 23, 1942) was a lieutenant general in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. After graduating from the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1911, Horii served in China before undertaking a variety of regimental appointments. Following Japan's entry into World War II, he commanded a division during the capture of Guam before commanding the Japanese force that had been given the task of capturing Port Moresby. In November 1942, in the retreat from Oivi–Gorari, Horii drowned while attempting to canoe down the Kumusi River to reach Japanese forces defending Buna–Gona. His canoe was swept out to sea and capsized.
Princess Enrichetta d'Este (Enrichetta Maria; 27 May 1702 – 30 January 1777) was a Duchess of Parma by marriage to her cousin Antonio Farnese, Duke of Parma. She was the Regent of Parma in 1731 during her alleged pregnancy in the interregnum after her husband's death.
An Abstract of a Book lately Published, full title An Abstract of a Book lately Published; Entitled, A Treatise of Human Nature, &c. Wherein the Chief Argument of that Book is farther Illustrated and Explained  is a summary of the main doctrines of David Hume's work A Treatise of Human Nature, published anonymously in 1740.  There has been speculation about the authorship of the work. Some scholars believe it was written by Hume's friend, the economist Adam Smith.  Most believe it was written by Hume himself, in an attempt to popularise the Treatise.


Vjaczeslav Motorczuk (born February 9, 1992) is a Ukrainian professional basketball player for Budivelnyk Kyiv of the UA SuperLeague.
September 13, 2015 signed a contract with BC Budivelnyk
Kućanec is a village in Croatia, formerly part of City of Zagreb. For the 2021 Croatian census it has been merged with Vugrovec Donji and Vuger Selo into a new settlement named Vugrovec.
The discography of the Calling, an American alternative rock band, consists of two studio albums, one compilation album, and eight singles.
Howard Green Jr. (born January 12, 1979) is a former American football nose tackle who played professionally in the National Football League (NFL). He was selected by the Houston Texans in the sixth round of the 2002 NFL draft. He played college football at Louisiana State University for the LSU Tigers football team.
Green was also a member of the Baltimore Ravens, New Orleans Saints, Miami Dolphins, Minnesota Vikings, Seattle Seahawks, New York Jets, Washington Redskins, and Green Bay Packers, with whom he won Super Bowl XLV against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The South Forty-Foot Drain, also known as the Black Sluice Navigation, is the main channel for the land-drainage of the Black Sluice Level in the Lincolnshire Fens.  It lies in eastern England between Guthram Gowt and the Black Sluice pumping station on The Haven, at Boston. The Drain has its origins in the 1630s, when the first scheme to make the Fen land available for agriculture was carried out by the Earl of Lindsey, and has been steadily improved since then. Water drained from the land entered The Haven by gravity at certain states of the tide until 1946, when the Black Sluice pumping station was commissioned.
The Drain was navigable until 1971, when improvements to the pumping station led to the entrance lock being removed. It is currently being upgraded to navigable status by the Environment Agency, as part of the Fens Waterways Link, with a new entrance lock being completed in December 2008, giving access to the first 12 miles (19 km) of the drain, and the upgrading of the southern section, including a link to the River Glen to allow navigation to Spalding forming phase 2 of the project.
Hämeenpuisto is a street and public park in Tampere, Finland that is over 1-kilometre (0.62 mi) in length. Its length and central location has earned the park the name "Central Park of Tampere". The park was designed by Carl Ludvig Engel in 1830. Originally the name of the park was Esplanadi, which was changed to Hämeenpuisto in 1936.
The Hämeenpuisto street is a boulevard, consisting of two one-way streets on each side of the park. Hämeenkatu ends in the west at Hämeenpuisto, and one of the cross streets includes Hallituskatu. Along the Hämeenpuisto are the Metso Library, the Alexander Church, the Workers' Hall and the Lenin Museum, among others.


The Dormouse is a character in "A Mad Tea-Party", Chapter VII  from the 1865 novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll.
MS Free Enterprise (I) was a cross-Channel ferry operated by Townsend Brothers and later Townsend Thoresen between 1962 and 1980. She was their first purpose built roll-on/roll-off passenger and vehicle ferry. She was sold to Greece in 1980, where she served until being sold for scrap in 2013.
Jermantown is an unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. Various parts of Jermantown are included within the independent city of Fairfax to its south and east. Today, this once rural community is centered at the intersection of Jermantown Road and Lee Jackson Memorial Highway (U.S. Route 50). The Old Jermantown School was located at the present site of Providence Elementary School.


Pangala is a village situated in Udupi taluk of Udupi district, Karnataka. India's National Highway number 66 (NH 66) connecting Mangalore (Kudla or Mangaluru) to Mumbai (Bombay) passes through this village. The village is on the north banks of Pangala river. The Pangala river joins Arabian Sea near Mattu. The Shankarapura village which is famous for its jasmine flowers is nearby. The Janardhan temple of Pangala village has been renovated. One of the branches of Vijaya Bank is located in this village. According to the Indian Census of 2001, Pangala has a population of 1,948 (including 903 males, 1,045 females) in 438 households. Pangala Utsava is celebrated every year. Postal code for Pangala Post is 576122.
Pangala belongs to Kapu assembly constituency and Udupi Chikmagalur parliamentary constituency. The BICO is located in Pangala.
Justine Vanhaevermaet  (born 29 April 1992) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Everton of the FA Women's Super League, and for the Belgium national team.
STV is a free-to-air public broadcast television channel owned and operated by the STV Group. It is made up of the Central Scotland and Northern Scotland ITV public broadcaster licences, formerly known as Scottish Television (now legally STV Central Ltd) and Grampian Television (now legally STV North Ltd) respectively.
The STV brand refers to the on-air name used by Scottish Television for much of its history - notably in the 1970s and early 1980s. This brand remained in conversational use amongst the local public afterwards.
The modern STV brand was adopted on Tuesday 30 May 2006 replacing both franchises' previous identities. The sense of continuity in the name was demonstrated when STV celebrated its 60th birthday in 2017, with special programmes broadcast on STV itself and the now defunct STV2.
STV is now the only part of the Channel 3 network that is not owned by ITV plc. The station does not carry ITV1 branding or show ITV1's network presentation except during news broadcasts, and between 6am and 9.25am, when it is replaced by the ITV-owned-and-branded national franchise ITV Breakfast.
Crowea saligna, commonly known as willow-leaved crowea,  is a plant in the rue family, Rutaceae and is endemic to eastern New South Wales in Australia. It is a small shrub with attractive, pink, star-shaped flowers and is commonly cultivated.
Chryseobacterium bernardetii  is a bacterium from the genus Chryseobacterium.
Doris Trachsel (born 27 April 1984) is a Swiss cross-country skier who has competed since 2001. She finished 30th in the individual sprint event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2005 in Oberstdorf, Trachsel finished 11th in the 4 × 5 km relay and 47th in the 10 km event.
Her best World Cup finish was seventh in a 4 × 5 km relay at Italy in 2006 while her best individual finish was 16th in an individual sprint event at Canada in February 2010.
Gogana turbinifera is a moth in the family Drepanidae first described by Warren in 1922. It is found on Borneo and possibly Peninsular Malaysia.
Elisabeta is a Romanian female name, equivalent to Elizabeth (given name), and may refer to:

Elisabeta Abrudeanu
Elisabeta Anghel
Elisabeta Bǎbeanu
Elisabeta Bostan
Elisabeta Ionescu
Elisabeta Lazăr
Elisabeta Lipă
Elisabeta Movilă
Elisabeta Polihroniade
Elisabeta Rizea
Elisabeta Turcu
Elisabeta Știrbey
Two royal figures are known as Elisabeta in Romanian:

Elisabeth of Wied
Elisabeth of Romania
Elisabeta Palace
Seth David Bauer (born September 25, 1959 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American rowing cox. He is Jewish. In 1988, he won a bronze medal at the Olympic Games, and he won a bronze at the 1981 World Championships and a gold at the 1987 World Championships.
Louis Eugène Pirou (26 September 1841 – 30 September 1909) was a French photographer and filmmaker, known primarily for his portraits of celebrities and scenes from the Paris Commune. He was awarded a gold medal at the Exposition Universelle of 1889.


Tanveer Mashart Ul-Haq (born 3 December 1991) is an Indian cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Rajasthan in the 2014–15 Ranji Trophy on 5 January 2015. In January 2019, in the quarter-final match of the 2018–19 Ranji Trophy against Karnataka, Tanveer became the first bowler for Rajasthan to take 50 wickets in a single season. He finished the tournament with 51 wickets in ten matches.
In August 2019, he was named in the India Green team's squad for the 2019–20 Duleep Trophy.
Wilhelm Keim (1 December 1934 – 30 September 2018) was a German chemist and professor of chemistry at the Technical Chemistry and former director of the Institute for Technical and Petrol Chemistry at RWTH Aachen in Germany.
Wilhelm Keim was one of the key figures in the development of the SHOP – process (Shell higher olefin process). SHOP-olefines have a broad range of applications in industrial chemistry, e.g. for the modification of polyethylene as ethylene-alpha-olefine-copolymere, as source for synthetic fatty alcohols or olefine sulfonates.

He studied chemistry at the Münster and Saarbrücken University. He earned his PhD degree from Max Planck Institute for Coal Research in Mülheim an der Ruhr, having studied under Karl Ziegler. After several years in the chemical industry he became professor at the RWTH Aachen, where he was the director of the Institute for Technical and Petrol chemistry. He retired in 2001. 
Keim has received numerous prestigious honours including member of board of the Degussa AG, member of the board of directors of the GDCh (Gesellschaft Deutscher Chemiker) till 1996, chairman of the board of the DGMK Deutsche Wissenschaftliche Gesellschaft für Erdöl, Erdgas und Kohle e.V., honorary professor of the technical university in Dalian (China), honorary professor of the university in Hangzhou (China), adjunct professor Dharan King Fahd University (Saudi Arabia), Dr. Honoris Causa Université Lille Nord de France, Dr. Honoris Causa,  member of Academia Europaea, and honorary member of the DECHEMA.
The National Aquaculture Act of 1980 (P.L. 96-362, as amended) is intended to promote and support the development of private aquaculture and to ensure coordination among the various federal agencies that have aquaculture programs and policies.  It provided for a national aquaculture policy, including a formal National Aquaculture Development Plan; established a Joint Subcommittee on Aquaculture on which officials of USDA, Commerce, the Interior, and nine other federal agencies sit; designated USDA as the lead agency for coordination; and authorized the National Aquaculture Information Center within the National Agricultural Library.
The S. 1650 legislation was passed by the 96th U.S. Congressional session and signed into law by the 39th President of the United States Jimmy Carter on September 26, 1980.
Ubra (Russian: Убра; Lak: Увур) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kumukshy Selsoviet, Laksky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 44 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
"Get Ur Freak On" is a song by American rapper Missy Elliott. It was written and produced by Elliott and Timbaland for her third studio album Miss E... So Addictive (2001). Based on heavy bhangra elements, a popular music and dance form from the region of Punjab in India, the song features a six-note base that is a Punjabi melody played on a tumbi and rhythm and bassline played on tabla.
Released as the album's first single on March 13, 2001, the track reached number seven on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. Internationally, "Get Ur Freak On" became a top-10 success in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, where it became her first solo top-10 hit, peaking at number four. A remix of the song featuring Nelly Furtado was a dance club hit during this period. On the Billboard magazine issue dated February 21, 2015, "Get Ur Freak On" re-entered at number 40, more than a decade after its original chart run. This re-entry was spawned by Missy Elliott's performance at the Super Bowl XLIX halftime show that occurred earlier in the month.
Protuberance may refer to:

Mental protuberance
Occipital protuberances, of which may refer to
Internal occipital protuberance
External occipital protuberance
Laryngeal protuberance, also known as Adam's apple
Juvenal de Souza (born 5 September 1949), better known as Bezerra, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Petite-Île (French pronunciation: [pətit il], literally Little Isle) is a commune on the French island and department of Réunion. The commune is bordered by the communes of Saint-Joseph to the east and Saint-Pierre to the west. The commune gets its name from the uninhabited islet off of its coast, the only such islet near Réunion that has vegetation. The commune was established in 1935.
Coleophora luteolella is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in Spain, Portugal, France, Sardinia, Italy, Sicily, Greece, Crete, Cyprus, Morocco, Afghanistan and Asia Minor.
The history of Albany, New York from 1983 to present begins with the death of Erastus Corning 2nd, Albany's longest serving mayor. When Corning died in 1983, Thomas Whalen assumed the mayorship and was reelected twice. Albany saw a significant influx of federal dollars earmarked for restoring historic structures. What Corning had saved from destruction, Whalen refurbished. The Mayor's Office of Special Events was created in an effort to increase the number of festivals and artistic events in the city, including a year-long Dongan Charter tricentennial celebration in 1986. Whalen is credited for an "unparalleled cycle of commercial investment and development" in Albany due to his "aggressive business development programs".
Prior to the recession of the 1990s, Albany was home to two Fortune 500 companies: KeyBank and Fleet Bank; both have since moved or merged with other banks. Albany saw its political climate change after the death of Corning and the retirement of Congressman Sam Stratton. Long-term office holders became a thing of the past in the 1980s. Local media began following the drama surrounding county politics (specifically that of the newly created county executive position); the loss of Corning (and eventually the machine) led to a lack of interest in city politics. The 1990s brought about the surprise election of Gerald Jennings, who has been mayor since 1994. His tenure essentially ended the political machine that had been in place since the 1920s. During the 1990s, the State Legislature approved the $234 million "Albany Plan", "a building and renovation project [that] was the most ambitious building project to effect the area since the Rockefeller era." The Albany Plan saw the initiation of renovation and new building projects around the downtown area, and the move of many state workers from the Harriman State Office Campus to downtown. The late first decade of the 21st century saw a real possibility for a long-discussed and controversial Albany Convention Center; as of August 2010, the Albany Convention Center Authority had already purchased 75% of the land needed to build the downtown project.
The Convent of San Plácido (Spanish: Convento de San Plácido) is a convent located in Madrid, Spain. It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1943.
The interior of the church was decorated including frescoes in the ceiling of the main chapel by Francisco Rizi and Juan Martín Cabezalero. In the retable of the main altar is an Annunciation by Claudio Coello. The church features sculptures by Manuel Pereira and Gregorio Fernández (Dead Christ).
Roberto Bruno Stillo (born 15 March 1991) is a Canadian professional soccer player.


Normandina pulchella, commonly known as the elf-ear lichen or blue heart, is a species of squamulose lichen in the family Verrucariaceae. This cosmopolitan species is widely distributed across both hemispheres, where it thrives in moist microhabitats. It favours moss-covered deciduous trees and rocks, often colonising over mosses and bryophytes. It occasionally grows on bare bark and on other lichens. Distinctive features of N. pulchella include its bluish-green squamules (scales) with sharply raised margins, non-reactivity to standard chemical spot tests, and growth in humid habitats. Initially, Nannochloris normandinae, a green alga, was thought to be its photobiont. However, recent studies have revised this understanding, now suggesting Diplosphaera as the algal partner.
First named and scientifically described by the English botanist William Borrer in 1831, the clarification of Normandina pulchella's place within the Verrucariaceae, facilitated by molecular phylogenetics analysis in 2010, resolved long-standing taxonomic uncertainties.  Prior classifications had varied widely, placing N. pulchella within groups such as the Basidiomycota (i.e., as a basidiolichen) and Fungi incertae sedis, largely due to differing interpretations of the perithecia (fruiting bodies) found within the lichen. These discrepancies stemmed from confusion over whether the perithecia belonged to the lichen itself or were instead associated with a parasitic lichenicolous fungus.
Simon Farnworth (born 28 October 1963) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played for Bolton Wanderers, Bury, Preston North End and Wigan Athletic, and made over 500 appearances during his career.
Simon retired from playing in 1996, and joined the backroom staff at Wigan as a physiotherapist. He then joined Liverpool, where he worked for eleven years as the head physio at Liverpool's academy. In 2009, he joined Morecambe and was appointed as the first-team physio. He left Morecambe in 2022.
In 1986 Farnworth became to date the last goalkeeper in English League football to play a match without wearing gloves, in Bolton Wanderers' 0–3 loss to Bristol City in The Freight Rover Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium.
Farnworth featured regularly in the Masters Football tournament, and played for Wigan Athletic and Bolton Wanderers.
Wanting Qu (Chinese: 曲婉婷; pinyin: Qū Wǎntíng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: khek óan têng; born October 10, 1984), known simply as Wanting, is a Chinese pianist and singer-songwriter who is currently based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
The point of beginning is a surveyor's mark at the beginning location for the wide-scale surveying of land.
An example is the Beginning Point of the U.S. Public Land Survey that led to the opening of the Northwest Territory, and is the starting point of the surveys of almost all other lands to the west, reaching all the way to the Pacific Ocean.  On September 30, 1785, Thomas Hutchins, first and only Geographer of the United States, began surveying the Seven Ranges at the point of beginning.
Hold, Hold, Fire is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Calling All Cars, released on 12 March 2010. Hold, Hold, Fire was nominated for Best Independent Hard Rock Or Punk Album at the AIR Awards of 2010.
Bugry (Russian: Бугры) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Novonikolayevsky Selsoviet, Rubtsovsky District, Altai Krai, Russia. The population was 172 as of 2013. There are 2 streets.
Salt Lake is a natural lake in South Dakota, in the United States.
The lake water of Salt Lake has traces of alkali salts, hence the name.
The Former United States Post Office of Kaukauna, Wisconsin, United States, was designed by Louis A. Simon and built around 1934. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 for its significance in politics, government and architecture. It previously contained the mural of Grignon trading with the Indians, by Vladimir Rousseff, which is now in the new post office.
Coquette (Spanish:Coqueta) is a 1949 Mexican musical film directed by Fernando A. Rivero, and starring Ninón Sevilla, Agustín Lara, and Víctor Junco. The film's sets were designed by the art director José Rodríguez Granada.
The East River portion of South Dakota refers to the section of the state lying east of the Missouri River. Geographical distinctions between the eastern and western sections of the state were reinforced by differing patterns of European-American settlement and Native American resettlement during the 19th and 20th centuries.
The eastern half of South Dakota was heavily glaciated and is largely covered by glacial till and loamy soil, which has lent itself to agricultural uses. The Missouri River roughly follows the 100th meridian in the state, and areas to the west of the meridian receive less rainfall. From 1849 to 1858, this was the now-South Dakota portion of the Minnesota Territory. The East River region was generally capable of supporting homesteaders on the standard 160-acre plots of the era during the wetter-than average years between 1879 and 1885; prolonged droughts between 1886 and 1897, however, severely affected the region's farmers. In 1889, this land became part of the new state of South Dakota.
During the second half of the 19th century, about 350,000 immigrants from western and northern Europe settled to the east of the Missouri. The later European immigrants, however, predominantly from southern and eastern Europe, settled in the West River region after 1889, when the federal government made some 9 million acres of former Lakota land available for purchase after breaking up the Great Sioux Reservation, established under the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868. It reassigned Native Americans to five smaller reservations in West River, and two in East River.
About 70% of South Dakota's population in the 1990s was located in the East River region, which includes major businesses, industries and state government. This area includes the state's largest city, Sioux Falls, and Pierre, the state capital, located on the east bank of the Missouri River.
Neocompsa exclamationis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Thomson in 1860.
Hugh Craine Kelly (2 December 1848 – 13 January 1891) was a farmer and politician in colonial South Australia.
Hugh was born the fifth son of William Kelly (1804–1888) of Cudlee Creek and Gumeracha, South Australia. He was educated at Prince Alfred College and farmed at Alma, South Australia.
He was of Chairman of the Alma District Council and President of the Alma Farmers' Union. He was a worker for the temperance movement and lay preacher at his Wesleyan Methodist church.
He was elected to the seat of Wooroora in the South Australian House of Assembly and served from April 1890 until the following January, when he died as a result of being thrown from a buggy near Port Wakefield. James Cowan and J. G. Ramsay met similar deaths. One critic praised him for his clear and melodious voice, his matter-of-fact clarity of expression, steadfastness of purpose and imperviousness to flattery.
His brother Robert won the ensuing by-election.
His wife Alice Lousia Ridgway (19 Apr 1856 - 7 Mar 1914), married 15 Mar 1876, at the residence of the brides father John Ridgway, at Salter's Springs, South Australia. They had no children.
Amina Doumane (September 2, 1990) is a Moroccan computer scientist who on during 2017 won the French Giles-Kahn prize for the best doctoral thesis in France. Her thesis was on the subject On the infinitary proof theory of logics with fixed points. On January 31 2018, Doumane was presented with the award by the French computer science society (SIF).
Kabus 22 is a 3D horror–action game set in Kadıköy district in Istanbul. The game is also known and was distributed as Fearzone Strefa 22 and as Sektor 22 in other countries and both feature different cover art. 
The player has three characters to control; the Turkish soldier Demir, his girlfriend Ebru and the mysterious Inzar. These characters have to fight against a despotic religious order and creatures named Maduns in an alternate near future.
The European motorcycle Grand Prix was a motorcycling event that was introduced as part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing World Championship from 1991 to 1995. From 1996 onward the event was replaced by the Catalan Grand Prix. In 2020, the event was briefly revived, with the race taking place on the Circuit Ricardo Tormo. The decision was largely influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic, which led to the change of the calendar.
Between 1924 and 1948, the European Grand Prix was not a race in its own right but just an honorific title; one of the national Grands Prix was also designated as the European Grand Prix. The first race to be so named was the 1924 Nations Grand Prix, held at the Monza circuit in Italy. Until 1937, the winners of the race designated the European Grand Prix were awarded the title of European champion. In 1938, the European championship became decided over a series of races and the European Grand Prix designation was not used again until 1947, although no longer awarding the European championship title.
Tilekmat (Kyrgyz: Тилекмат) is a settlement in the Issyk-Kul Region of Kyrgyzstan. It is part of the Jeti-Ögüz District. The settlement was named for Tilekmat Jylkyaydar uulu (Tilekmat Ake), Kyrgyz politician, people's diplomat and talented thinker, who was buried near it. Its population was 3,306 in 2021.
The Secret of Shambhala: In Search of the Eleventh Insight is the third book in The Celestine Prophecy series by James Redfield.
The China Chess League (CCL) (Chinese: 中国国际象棋联赛) is a Chinese professional league for chess clubs. The league is organized by the Chinese Chess Association. It is sponsored by Youngor Group and was sponsored by the Shandong Torch Real Estate Group (2005–2009) and it has been able to determine the league's sponsorship name. Seasons usually run from April to November each year. The league is contested by 10 clubs. Under the rules of the league each team is allowed to register seven Chinese players and an unlimited quota of foreign players. The rules require five boards with at least two female players and a 25 min+30 sec increment rapid game must also be played on one of the boards.
For the 2008 season, the league has attracted 26 GMs, three IMs, and eleven WGMs. This season, ten teams are competing over 18 rounds in six different cities in a six-month period, from March to August.
For the 2009 season, the league was won by Shanghai, with the top male and female scorers being Wang Hao and Ju Wenjun respectively.
Evan Armstrong (15 February 1943 – 8 July 2017) was a Scottish professional bantam/feather/super featherweight boxer of the 1960s and 1970s, who won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) Scottish Area bantamweight title, BBBofC Scottish Area featherweight title, BBBofC British featherweight title, and Commonwealth featherweight title, and was a challenger for the BBBofC British bantamweight title against Alan Rudkin, and European Boxing Union (EBU) featherweight title against José Legrá, his professional fighting weight varied from 116+3⁄4 lb (53.0 kg; 8 st 4.8 lb), i.e. bantamweight to 127+1⁄2 lb (57.8 kg; 9 st 1.5 lb), i.e. super featherweight. Armstrong had Alzheimer's disease later in life and died at the age of 74 in 2017.
Brzezie [ˈbʐɛʑɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Zabierzów and 10 km (6 mi) north-west of the regional capital Kraków.


Simon Pearson (born 8 May 1982) is a former English cricketer. Pearson was a left-handed batsman who bowled leg break.
Pearson made his debut for the Leicestershire Cricket Board in 1999 against Oxfordshire in the MCCA Knockout Trophy. He played one further MCCA Knockout Trophy match in 2001 against the Northamptonshire Cricket Board.
Pearson represented the Leicestershire Cricket Board in a single List A match against the Warwickshire Cricket Board in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. In his only List A match he scored 12 runs.
Harry Weldon Kees (February 24, 1914 – disappeared July 18, 1955) was an American poet, painter, literary critic, novelist, playwright, jazz pianist, short story writer, and filmmaker. Despite his brief career, Kees is considered an important mid-twentieth-century poet of the  Beat generation, and peer of John Berryman, Elizabeth Bishop, and Robert Lowell. His work has been immensely influential on subsequent generations of poets writing in English and other languages and his collected poems have been included in many anthologies. Harold Bloom lists the publication of Kees's first book The Last Man (1943) as an important event in the chronology of his textbook Modern American Poetry as well as a book worthy of his Western Canon.
Druon quercuslanigerum is a species of gall wasp that forms galls on Quercus virginiana, Quercus geminata, Quercus fusiformis, and Quercus oleoides. There are both asexual and sexual generations. The asexual generation forms galls on the leaves whereas the sexual generation forms galls on the catkins. It can be found in the southern United States and Mexico. Predators of this species include the green parakeet.
Ein HaShlosha (Hebrew: עין השלושה, lit. 'Spring of the Three') is a kibbutz in the western Negev desert , Also in Gaza envelope in Israel. It falls under the jurisdiction of Eshkol Regional Council.
The  Equitable Life Building is a 138 m (453 ft) International style skyscraper in the Koreatown neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. It was completed in 1969 and has 34 floors. It is tied with the Los Angeles City Hall for the 39th tallest building in Los Angeles. Welton Becket & Associates designed the building for the Equitable Life Insurance Company. The facade is made of precast concrete that was sandblasted to expose the beige Texas limestone aggregate.
The lobby of the Equitable Life Building hosts art in its vitrines. This space is called Equitable Vitrines. These vitrines have hosted art including Jennifer Moon's Will You Still Love Me: Learning to Love Yourself, It Is The Greatest Gift of All in 2014-2015. In an interview with Ocula Magazine, Equitable Vitrines founders Ellie Lee and Matt Connolly explained that they realised through negotiations with the building's management, 'bureaucrats, artists, and tenants—each required a different way of thinking and speaking about what art is and what it can or should do.'
Since March 2, 2015, the Equitable Life Building has served as the chancery of the Philippine Consulate General in Los Angeles, occupying part of its fifth floor.
Mauesia cornuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Lane in 1956. It is known from French Guiana and Brazil.
Poritia is a genus of lycaenid butterflies. The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm. Poritia was erected by Frederic Moore in 1887.
Matti Kekki (11 March 1868, in Antrea – 11 March 1933, in Viipuri) was an agronomist, farmer, and Member of the Parliament in 1910–1911 and from 1919 to 1922.
Born to farmer Matti Kekki, and Anna Suni. He graduated in 1890.
Kekki resided in Viipuri, the eastern provincial electoral district. He was represented in 1910 for the Nuorsuomalainen Puolue and from 1919 to 1921, the Progress Party.
Kekki worked as a farmer in Vyborg for the rest of his life until he died on 11 March 1933, in which was his 65th birthday.
The Last Showing is a 2014 British independent horror thriller film directed by Phil Hawkins. The film had its world premiere on 22 August 2014 at the London FrightFest Film Festival and stars Robert Englund as a movie projectionist who kidnaps a couple for his own sinister purposes.
Randolph's Landing Area (FAA LID: 61G), also known as Randolph's Airport, is a privately owned, public use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) northeast of the central business district of St. Johns, a city in Clinton County, Michigan, United States.
The Irish Articles of Religion of 1615 are a series of 104 theological articles which were intended to serve as a standard of doctrine for the post-Reformation Church of Ireland. Adopted by the Convocation of Irish Protestant clergy that met in Dublin in 1615, and probably written by the future Archbishop of Armagh, James Ussher, the Irish Articles defined the Church of Ireland in a largely Reformed theological direction, even exceeding the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of England in this regard. 
After the accession of Charles I, the appointment of William Laud as Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Restoration in 1660, the Irish Articles of Religion were eventually superseded by the Thirty-nine Articles as the doctrinal standard for the Church of Ireland and largely fell out of prominence in Anglicanism. However, the Irish Articles would later influence the Westminster Confession drawn up in 1646, which was later adopted by the Church of Scotland and Presbyterian churches throughout the world.
Zemun railway station (Serbian: Железничка станица Земун, Železnička stanica Zemun) is a rail station in the neighborhood and municipality of Zemun in Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is served by BG Voz and by Regio class trains. The railroad continues to Zemun Polje in one direction, and Tošin Bunar in the other direction. Zemun railway station spans 9 railway tracks.
After the station was selected as Belgrade's main freight station within the Belgrade railway junction, a massive expansion and reconstruction of the complex began in 2019.
Arboa berneriana is a shrub or tree that grows in the wet tropics of northern Madagascar. It has varying ranges of colors from yellow to orange to red.
Previously, A. berneriana was classified as Turnera berneriana, Erblichia berneriana, and Piriqueta berneriana . Phylogenetic analysis of Turneroideae, however, suggested it should be classified as Arboa.
Shlomo Joseph Burg (Hebrew: שלמה יוסף בורג‎, romanized: Shlomo Yosef Burg‎, 31 January 1909 – 15 October 1999) was a German-born Israeli politician. In 1949, he was elected to the first Knesset, and served in many ministerial positions for the next 40 years. He was one of the founders of the National Religious Party.
Nebraska Highway 35 (N-35) is a 69.51-mile (111.87 km) state highway in northeastern Nebraska, United States, that connects U.S. Route 275 (US 275) and Nebraska Highway 24 (N-24) in Norfolk (in Madison County) with U.S. Route 75/U.S. Route 77 (US 75/US 77) immediately west of Dakota City (in Dakota County). N-35 is maintained by the Nebraska Department of Transportation (NDOT) and serves as a connector between Norfolk and Sioux City, Iowa. For its entire length (except when it passes through the cities of Wayne and Wakefield) N-35 runs through rural agricultural land.
Bernard E. McEveety, Jr. (May 13, 1924 – February 2, 2004) was an American film and television director.
Clytemnestra (, UK also ; Greek: Κλυταιμνήστρα, Klytaimnḗstrā, [klytai̯mnɛ̌ːstraː]), in Greek mythology, was the wife of Agamemnon, king of Mycenae, and the half-sister of Helen of Troy. In Aeschylus' Oresteia, she murders Agamemnon – said by Euripides to be her second husband – and the Trojan princess Cassandra, whom Agamemnon had taken as a war prize following the sack of Troy; however, in Homer's Odyssey, her role in Agamemnon's death is unclear and her character is significantly more subdued.
Tara County is one of the 141 cadastral divisions of New South Wales. It is located in the south-western corner of the state, to the north of the Murray River, and to the east of the border with South Australia. The Darling Anabranch River is the eastern boundary. It includes the Tarawi Nature Reserve and the localities of Huntingfield, Pine Camp, Nulla, Warranangra and Rufus River, as well as Lake Victoria.
Tara is believed to be derived from a local Aboriginal word.
The Lebanese people of Sweden are people from Lebanon or those of Lebanese descent who live in the country of Sweden. The majority of Lebanese people emigrated to Sweden in the period between 1970s and 1980s, either escaping the Lebanese Civil War or for economic reasons. In 2016, there were 148 registered emigrations from Sweden to Lebanon.
The Lebanese people in Sweden have set up their own traditional cultural and political organizations, including the Swedish Lebanese Friendship Association (SLFA). There is a Lebanese embassy in Stockholm.
Most Lebanese in Sweden belong to various Christian denominations (Maronite, Greek Orthodox, Melkite Catholic, Protestant), but there is also a sizable number of Muslims (Sunni and Shi'a) and also some Druze.
Ban Chimphli Railway Halt (Thai: ที่หยุดรถบ้านฉิมพลี) is a railway halt located in Chimphli Subdistrict, Taling Chan District, Bangkok, Thailand. It is located 8.643 km (5.4 mi) from Thon Buri Railway Station.
The 2010 FIVB Volleyball Men's Club World Championship was the 6th edition of the event. It was held in Doha, Qatar from 15 to 21 December 2010.
Adams is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southeastern section of the Moon, near the lunar limb. It lies just to the southwest of the crater Legendre. To the northwest are the craters Hase and Petavius, and to the southwest is Furnerius. To the southwest of Adams is a system of rilles designated the Rimae Hase. The longest of these rilles follows a course to the southeast.
The rim of Adams is generally circular in form, but somewhat worn by small impact craters. There is a slight notched protrusion at the southern end of the wall. The floor is undistinguished, with no significant protrusions, and only minor craters.
Adams is a crater of Nectarian age.
Adams' name jointly honours three astronomers of that name: John Couch Adams, Walter Sydney Adams and Charles Hitchcock Adams.
The United Kingdom's emergency towing vessel fleet were a maintained fleet of emergency tow vessels (ETV) from 1993 through 2011.
The vessels were privately owned and operated for Her Majesty's Coastguard.  Four vessels were stationed around the UK coastline, while a fifth was held in reserve.
Consumer Electronics ATA (CE-ATA) is an interface standard for the connection of storage devices and hosts in consumer electronic device such as mobile and handheld devices. One of the primary goals is to standardize connections for small form factor hard disk drives such as 1-inch Microdrives.
The standard is maintained by CE-ATA Workgroup. 


The Decentralized Administration of Epirus and Western Macedonia (Greek: Αποκεντρωμένη Διοίκηση Ηπείρου – Δυτικής Μακεδονίας) is one of the seven decentralized administrations of Greece, consisting of the peripheries of Epirus and Western Macedonia. Seated in Ioannina, Epirus, it is currently led by Acting Secretary-General Vasileios Michelakis.
Landrum Creek is a 8.64 mi (13.90 km) long 3rd order tributary to the Rocky River in Chatham County, North Carolina.
Lagenivaginopseudobenedenia is a genus of monopisthocotylean monogenean (a group of ectoparasitic flatworms), included in the family Capsalidae. The type-species of the genus is Lagenivaginopseudobenedenia etelis Yamaguti, 1966.
The genus includes only 2 species, which are both parasitic on the gills of marine fish of the family Lutjanidae.
Waldorf System, Incorporated was the first lunchroom chain in New England, founded by Harry Seymour Kelsey in Springfield, Massachusetts in 1903. It was named after the Waldorf Hotel in New York City. Its trademark was the Red Apple.
It expanded rapidly. In its first 12 years, it had 23 locations in Boston and Cambridge and 37 more elsewhere in New England. At its peak, it had around 200 locations in seven states. Its headquarters moved to 169 High Street, Boston. The stores were often called "Waldorf Lunch".

The foundation idea of the Waldorf system is this: the undeviating purpose to maintain worthy dining-places where they will perform real public service, the purpose to serve tasteful food of unquestionable quality to men and women at such small profit per person that we shall have many patrons to make those small profits profitable to our employees and shareholders.

Waldorf prepared most foods in central kitchens which distributed individually wrapped portions to its restaurants for reheating and browning. In 1918, its main commissary occupied the whole of 69 Purchase Street, Boston, a total of 65,000 square feet of floor space, and had 100 employees, working 24 hours a day. Later, each of its geographical divisions had a commissary. Restaurants also did short order cooking for items such as hamburgers and ham and eggs. 
Menus were distributed weekly from headquarters. Waldorf ran a central purchasing operation with strict specifications and bought in quantity. For example, it once purchased 14 carloads of turkeys. Headquarters also specified detailed portion sizes.
Service was from individual stands run by a "lunch man" and displaying all the menu items except the hot ones, which were ordered from the kitchen. Unlike most cafeterias, there was no tray rail.

The Harvard Square location opened in 1913 and closed in 1938, when it became a Hayes-Bickford cafeteria. In 2017, when the space was being renovated to become a branch of the local Clover Food Lab chain, the original Waldorf decor, with college pennants in tile, was exposed.
Besides operating retail restaurants, the Waldorf System built and operated company lunchrooms.
In 1919, the Waldorf company went public. By then, it had 38 stores and had acquired Kinney & Woodward (14 stores) and Baldwin's (7), also founded in Springfield from 1904-1909. In 1919, Waldorf acquired the assets of the Automat Company, a local automat restaurant, and in 1924 converted the Little Building location to cafeteria format. It also acquired the Clark Restaurant Company (1922, restaurants in Ohio), the Ginter Restaurant Company (1927, Boston table service restaurants), St. Clairs', Inc. (1929, Massachusetts table service restaurants), and the Fort Hill Supply Company (1927, restaurant equipment). In 1921, Samuel Bickford, a Waldorf vice-president, left to start his own lunchroom business in New York, Bickford's Lunch. Bickford's later merged with Hayes lunch, and Hayes-Bickford restaurants were often near Waldorf restaurants, and competed.
The Waldorf System was publicly traded until it was acquired by Restaurant Associates in the 1960s, and the brand disappeared in the 1970s.
Proper Patola is a Punjabi romantic comedy film directed by Harish Vyas. The film has an ensemble cast which includes Neeru Bajwa, Harish Verma, Yuvraj Hans. It was written and co-directed by Amit Saxena. The film was distributed by OmJee Cineworld.
Nirmal Chandra Sen Gupta was the eleventh Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 19 May 1975 to 19 August 1975.
He was the interim governor until K R Puri took office. Prior to that, he was the secretary to the Department of Banking of the Ministry of Finance. Even though his tenure was short, his signature appears on the Indian rupee note of 1000 denomination. This is the only note that bears his signature.
Chulpan (Russian: Чулпан; Bashkir: Сулпан, Sulpan) is a rural locality (a village) in Urshaksky Selsoviet, Aurgazinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 45 as of 2010.
Year 1185 (MCLXXXV) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
The Red Sea–Dead Sea Access is a series of highway construction projects intended to bring easy transportation and prosperity to Jordan, Israel, Palestine and the surrounding area.
The 1987 Wightman Cup was the 59th edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia in the United States.
Radium nitrate is a radioactive salt with the formula Ra(NO3)2. It is a white solid, but old samples appear yellowish-grey. Although radium chloride and radium bromide are less soluble than the corresponding barium salts, radium nitrate is more soluble than barium nitrate. It decomposes at 280 °C to radium oxide.
The Giorgio Cini Foundation (Italian: Fondazione Giorgio Cini), or just the Cini Foundation, is a cultural foundation founded by industrialist and politician Vittorio Cini in 20 April 1951 in memory of Giorgio Cini, his son who died in a airplane accident near Cannes in August 1949.
Onthophagus cervus, is a species of dung beetle found in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka, Vietnam, India, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Thailand.
Elton Junior Melo Ataíde (born 17 March 1990), simply known as Elton, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Náutico.
The 1st Anti-Aircraft Artillery Division(Chinese: 高射炮第1师) was created on March 12, 1950, from 2nd Garrison Brigade of Henan Military District. The division HQ was set in Wuchang, Hubei province. The division was then composed of:

1st Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment, then stationed in Leizhou Peninsula, equipped with Japanese 75-mm AA guns;
2nd Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment, then stationed in Peking, equipped with Japanese 75-mm AA guns;
3rd Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment, then stationed in Changsha and Guangzhou, equipped with Japanese 75-mm AA guns;
9th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment, then stationed in Shenyang, equipped with Soviet 85-mm and 37-mm AA guns;
Radar Battalion.
From March 15 to 25, 1951, the division was utilized to organize the Air Defense Department, Middle-South Military Region. The division was then disbanded.
Rais Kola or Rais Kala (Persian: رييس كلا or رئيس كلا) may refer to:

Rais Kola, Babol (رييس كلا - Ra’īs Kolā)
Rais Kola, Nur (رئيس كلا - Ra’īs Kolā)
Rais Kola, Savadkuh (رئيس كلا - Ra’īs Kolā)
Jonas Lek was a Dutch diamond merchant and collector who was involved in an insurance loss case that reached the House of Lords in the United Kingdom in 1927.
Hegel Bulletin (previously Bulletin of the Hegel Society of Great Britain) is a bi-annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the thought of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel published by Hegel Society of Great Britain. It was established in 1980. The editors are Christoph Schuringa and Alison Stone.


Cincinnati chili (or Cincinnati-style chili) is a Mediterranean-spiced meat sauce used as a topping for spaghetti or hot dogs ("coneys"); both dishes were developed by immigrant restaurateurs in the 1920s.  Its name evokes comparison to chili con carne, but the two are dissimilar in consistency, flavor, and serving method; Cincinnati chili more closely resembles Greek pasta sauces and spiced-meat hot dog topping sauces seen in other parts of the United States.
Ingredients include ground beef, water or stock, tomato paste, spices such as cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, clove, cumin, chili powder, bay leaf, and in some home recipes unsweetened dark chocolate in a soupy consistency. Customary toppings include cheddar cheese, onions, and beans; specific combinations of toppings are known as "ways". The most popular order is a "three-way", which adds shredded cheese to the chili-topped spaghetti (a "two-way"), while a "four-way" or "five-way" adds onions and/or beans before topping with the cheese. Ways are often served with oyster crackers and a mild hot sauce. Cincinnati chili is almost never served or eaten by the bowl.
While served in many local restaurants, it is most often associated with the over 250 independent and chain "chili parlors" (restaurants specializing in Cincinnati chili) found throughout greater Cincinnati with franchise locations throughout Ohio and in Kentucky, Indiana, Florida, and the Middle East. 
The dish is the Cincinnati area's best-known regional food. In 2000, one local chili parlor was named an America's Classic by the James Beard Foundation, and in 2013, Smithsonian named the same chili parlor one of the "20 Most Iconic Food Destinations in America".


The 2021–22 National League season, known as the Vanarama National League for sponsorship reasons, was the seventh season as English football's National League, the nineteenth season consisting of three divisions, and the forty-third season overall.
Due to the curtailment of the preceding season for North and South and lower levels of competition in the English football pyramid, promotion and relegation between levels 5 and 6, and between level 6 and lower levels were suspended. These, combined with the folding of Macclesfield Town in 2020–21 and the knock-on effects of Bury's collapse in 2019–20, meant that for the 2021–22 season the three divisions had the irregular complement of 23, 22 and 21 teams, respectively.
In 2019, prior to these COVID-19 related impacts, the league had intended the 2021–22 season to be the first using a new structure in which the number of teams in its North and South divisions would increase, resulting in three 24-team divisions. On 1 July 2021, the National League confirmed its intent to achieve this structure for the 2022–23 season; accordingly the following adjustments to promotion and relegation were in effect for this season:

As before, two teams were promoted from the National League to League Two and replaced by two teams relegated from it;
Three teams were relegated from the National League to the two level 6 divisions, and replaced by four teams (two from each of the National League North and South); and
Two teams were relegated from the two level 6 divisions (one from the National League North and another from the National League South) to the premier divisions of the Northern Premier League, Southern League Central or South, or Isthmian League, and replaced by eight teams (two from each division). The Football Association already clarified these relegations by November.
André Fontaine (Paris, France; 30 March 1921 – ibidem, 17 March 2013) was a French historian and journalist. He started working at Temps Présent, and then was director at Le Monde in 1947, at the official beginning of the Cold War. He became the newspaper's editor from 1969 to 1985, and director from 1985 to 1991. As of February 2007 he was still contributing articles to the paper. André Fontaine is famous for his historical thesis, according to which the Cold War in fact started as soon as 1917 with the cordon sanitaire policy.
Fontaine died in Paris on 17 March 2013, aged 91.
Euxesta atripes is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.
The Hope Race or Hope Sled Dog Race is a defunct sled dog race between Nome, Alaska and Anadyr, Russia, across the Bering Strait. The race was established in 1991, shortly after the fall of the Soviet Union, and according to information on the race's (now inactive) website, the race was run as recently as 2004.  Racers covered 1000 miles, but did not actually race across the Bering Strait. Teams instead were shipped across the strait on boats and raced on land. In 1995, Alaska musher Bob Holder became the only person to compete in the Hope Race, Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, and Yukon Quest in the same year.
Batia Friedkes Grossbard (April 14, 1910 – August 11, 1995) was a Polish-born Israeli painter influenced by American abstract expressionism.
El Peñón (Catamarca) is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.
Matthew Victor Giordano (born October 16, 1982) is a former American football safety. He was selected by the Indianapolis Colts in the fourth round of the 2005 NFL draft. Giordano grew up in Clovis, California, and played college football at Fresno City College and University of California, Berkeley.
Giordano was part of the Colts' Super Bowl XLI championship team that defeated the Chicago Bears. He was also a member of the Green Bay Packers, Atlanta Falcons, New Orleans Saints, Oakland Raiders, and St. Louis Rams.
Afambo may refer to:

Afambo (Ethiopian District)
Lake Afambo
There are three schools in the whole of Tokelau. Each school is located on each of the three atolls. Tialeniu School is on the atoll of Fakaofo, the most southern of the three islands. Matiti School is on Nukunonu, while Matauala School is on the island of Atafu (the northernmost island of the three).
The schools have levels or classes running from Early Childhood Education (ECE) right through to Year 11. At Year 11, students are required to sit for a national examination. This examination is used to determine which students will continue Year 12 studies under the Tokelau Scholarship Scheme. The successful students commence Year 12 and 13 studies in Samoa.
Schools are under the administration of the Taupulega's village council. The Education Department plays a supporting role in providing training and workshops for principals and teachers, assisting in other developments with the schools, including the setting and marking of the Year 11 National Examinations.
Raúl Alejandro Naiff (born March 23, 1973) is a naturalized Palestinian former footballer.
USS Steuben County (LST-1138) was an LST-542-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named after counties in Indiana, and New York, she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
Live in Antwerp is a live album by German rock band Kadavar, released on 6 June 2014 by Nuclear Blast. It was their first live album and fourth album overall. The record featured live versions of 11 tracks that originally appeared on studio albums Kadavar and Abra Kadavar, performed and recorded at various live shows in Antwerp, Belgium.
Adenylosuccinate synthase like 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ADSS1 gene.
Cytoplasmic protein NCK2 (also known as NCK-beta and Grb4) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NCK2 gene.
The 1990 NCAA Men's Water Polo Championship was the 22nd annual NCAA Men's Water Polo Championship to determine the national champion of NCAA men's collegiate water polo. Tournament matches were played at the Belmont Plaza Pool in Long Beach, California during December 1990.
California defeated Stanford in the final, 8–7, to win their ninth national title. Coached by Steve Heaston, the Golden Bears finished the season 29–1.
The Most Outstanding Player of the tournament was Chris Humbert (California). Humbert, along with six other players, was named to the All-Tournament Team.
The tournament's leading scorer, with 10 goals, was Lucas Nicolao from Navy.
Élodie La Villette, born Elodie Jacquier (April 12, 1848 Strasbourg (Bas-Rhin) – 1917 Saint-Pierre-Quiberon), was a French painter. Élodie and her sister Caroline were among the few women to have artistic careers during an era when many opportunities were denied to women.
Bernina-Val-Roseg-Schanze was a K75 ski jumping hill located in Val Roseg valley at Pontresina, Switzerland, opened in 1925.
The 1978 Utah State Aggies football team represented Utah State University during the 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season as a new member of the Pacific Coast Athletic Association (PCAA). Led by third-year head coach Bruce Snyder, the previously-independent Aggies played their home games on campus at Romney Stadium in Logan, Utah. They opened with five wins and finished with a 7–4 record (4–1 PCAA, tied for first).
A noteworthy game was against Idaho State (of nearby Pocatello), the first college football season-opener played in Japan.
Gilbert Scott-Heron (April 1, 1949 – May 27, 2011) was an American jazz poet, singer, musician, and author known for his work as a spoken-word performer in the 1970s and 1980s. His collaborative efforts with musician Brian Jackson fused jazz, blues, and soul with lyrics relative to social and political issues of the time, delivered in both rapping and melismatic vocal styles. He referred to himself as a "bluesologist", his own term for "a scientist who is concerned with the origin of the blues". His poem "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised", delivered over a jazz-soul beat, is considered a major influence on hip hop music.
Scott-Heron's music, particularly on the albums Pieces of a Man and Winter in America during the early 1970s, influenced and foreshadowed later African-American music genres, including hip hop and neo soul. His recording work received much critical acclaim, especially for "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised". AllMusic's John Bush called him "one of the most important progenitors of rap music", stating that "his aggressive, no-nonsense street poetry inspired a legion of intelligent rappers while his engaging songwriting skills placed him square in the R&B charts later in his career."
Scott-Heron remained active until his death, and in 2010 released his first new album in 16 years, titled I'm New Here. A memoir he had been working on for years up to the time of his death, The Last Holiday, was published posthumously in January 2012. Scott-Heron received a posthumous Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012. He also is included in the exhibits at the National Museum of African American History and Culture (NMAAHC) that officially opened on September 24, 2016, on the National Mall, and in an NMAAHC publication, Dream a World Anew. In 2021, Scott-Heron was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, as a recipient of the Early Influence Award.


The Walking Dead: Cold Storage is a four-part web series based on the television series The Walking Dead. It aired in its entirety on October 1, 2012, on AMC's official website, two weeks before the premiere of the third season of the show. The web series follows the story of a young man named Chase as he seeks shelter in a storage facility commanded by a malicious employee named B.J. This web series marks a second installment, following The Walking Dead: Torn Apart, which aired a year earlier.
Benjamin Cromwell Franklin (April 25, 1805 – December 25, 1873) was the first judicial officeholder in the Republic of Texas.
Franklin was born in Georgia, and educated at Franklin College at the University of Georgia in Athens, before being admitted to the bar in 1827. In 1835, he travelled to Texas, and supported a declaration of war against Mexico. On April 7, 1836, he was appointed a captain in the Texas army.
In March 1836, the Republic of Texas captured a U.S.-owned brig, Pocket. Upon realising that this action could alienate the United States, the Texan government took steps to investigate the matter, and President David G. Burnet appointed Franklin district judge of Brazoria to investigate the matter. Franklin resigned his judgeship in 1839, moving to Galveston to practice law.
Franklin was elected to represent Galveston in the House of Representatives in the Third, Fifth, and Eighth Texas Legislatures. Franklin was also elected to serve in the Senate of the Fourteenth Texas Legislature, but died 25 December 1873, 2½ weeks before the start of the regular session
Although it is not officially recorded, Franklin County is generally believed to have been named in his honor.
The Bangkok Airways Open was an Asian Tour golf tournament played in Thailand from 2005 to 2008. In 2008 the prize fund was US$300,000, which is one of the smaller purses on the tour.


The Bread Peddler (French:La porteuse de pain or Italian:La Portatrice di pane) may refer to:

The Bread Peddler (novel), an 1884 novel by the French writer Xavier de Montépin
The Bread Peddler (1916 film), an Italian silent film
The Bread Peddler (1923 film), a French silent film
The Bread Peddler (1934 film), a French film
The Bread Peddler (1950 film), a French-Italian film
The Bread Peddler (1963 film), a French-Italian film
The Bread Peddler (TV series), a 1973 French television adaptation
Lideta Nyala is a professional football club from based in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia. They play at the Nyala Stadium, a venue in Addis Ababa that has a capacity of 3,000.
Jacques Ferrier (born 1959) is an architect and urban planner.
Dietzia timorensis is a bacterium from the genus Dietzia which has been isolated from soil from Kupang from West Timor, Indonesia.
The Upper Tweeddale National Scenic Area lies in the Borders region of Scotland. It is one of 40 national scenic areas (NSA) in Scotland, which are defined so as to identify areas of exceptional scenery and to ensure their protection from inappropriate development. The designated area covers 12,770 ha (49 square miles) of countryside surrounding the upper reaches of the River Tweed between Broughton and Peebles.
National scenic areas are designated primarily to recognise the scenic qualities of an area, but sometimes also e.g. its culture, history, archaeology, geology or wildlife. Areas with such qualities may be protected via other national and international designations that overlap with the NSA designation. There are two Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) within the designated area of the Upper Tweeddale NSA.
Although the national scenic area designation provides a degree of additional protection via the planning process, there are no bodies equivalent to a national park authority, and whilst local authorities (in this case Scottish Borders Council) can produce a management strategy for each one, only the three national scenic areas within Dumfries and Galloway currently have management strategies.
Audio inpainting (also known as audio interpolation) is an audio restoration task which deals with the reconstruction of missing or corrupted portions of a digital audio signal. Inpainting techniques are employed when parts of the audio have been lost due to various factors such as transmission errors, data corruption or errors during recording.
The goal of audio inpainting is to fill in the gaps (i.e., the missing portions) in the audio signal seamlessly, making the reconstructed portions indistinguishable from the original content and avoiding the introduction of audible distortions or alterations.
Many techniques have been proposed to solve the audio inpainting problem and this is usually achieved by analyzing the temporal and spectral  information surrounding each missing portion of the considered audio signal.

Classic methods employ statistical models or digital signal processing algorithms  to predict and synthesize the missing or damaged sections. Recent solutions, instead, take advantage of deep learning models, thanks to the growing trend of exploiting data-driven methods in the context of audio restoration.
Depending on the extent of the lost information, the inpainting task can be divided in three categories.
Short inpainting refers to the reconstruction of few milliseconds (approximately less than 10) of missing signal, that occurs in the case of short distortions such as clicks or clipping.
In this case, the goal of the reconstruction is to recover the lost information exactly.
In long inpainting instead, with gaps in the order of hundreds of milliseconds or even seconds, this goal becomes unrealistic, since restoration techniques cannot rely on local information.
Therefore, besides providing a coherent reconstruction, the algorithms need to generate new information that has to be semantically compatible with the surrounding context (i.e., the audio signal surrounding the gaps).
The case of medium duration gaps lays between short and long inpainting.
It refers to the reconstruction of tens of millisecond of missing data, a scale where the non-stationary characteristic of audio already becomes important.


Hahncappsia mellinialis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1899. It is found in Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Mexico and Guatemala.
The wingspan is 28–32 mm for males and 27–31 mm for females. The forewings are straw yellow, irrorated (sprinkled) with buff. The hindwings are somewhat paler. Adults have been recorded on wing from July to September.
Vasilis Nakis, better known by his stage name Papercut, is a Greek musician and songwriter. He is known for his electronic music and his remix of Melina Merkoyri's song "Agapi pou gines dikopo mahairi". Before launching his solo project, he was a member of the Greek bands Winter Watercolours and Monitor.
The Milwaukie Transit Center is a former bus transit center that was located in Milwaukie, Oregon. The transit center was located on SE Jackson Street between SE Main Street and SE 21st Street, adjacent to the Milwaukie City Hall. The station opened in 1981 and was stripped of its "transit center" designation by TriMet in 2010, although the bus stops remain in use. Since 2015, the MAX Orange Line provides light rail service to downtown Milwaukie, stopping a few blocks south of the former transit center site, at the Milwaukie/Main Street MAX Station.
The 2014–15 Hertha BSC season is the 122nd season in club history.
Wiedemannia jakubi is a species of dance flies, in the fly family Empididae.
The Sea of Naples (Italian: Il mare di Napoli) is a 1919 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
Frédéric Mion (French pronunciation: [fʁedeʁik mjɔ̃]; born 30 August 1969) is a French civil servant, and former director of Sciences Po. Formerly, he was Secretary-General of Canal+.
Acanalonia fasciata is a species of planthopper in the family Acanaloniidae. It can be found in the Southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. Possible predators include several local species of dryinid wasp. It is a smaller species with a length varying from 4.2 to 6.2 mm. It is often confused with Acanalonia bivittata, but can be differentiated by its smaller size, lack of reticulation on the base of its elytra, and by its range being farther west.
Tim's Bio: From the Motion Picture – Life from da Bassment is a 1998 album released by Blackground Records. Though nominally the debut solo album by hip-hop/R&B producer Timbaland, the LP is technically a compilation of tracks produced by Timbaland and often – though not strictly – featuring his vocals. A litany of guest stars appear on Tim's Bio, from Timbaland's "Swing Mob" partners Magoo, Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott, Aaliyah, Ginuwine, Playa, and Skillz, to outside performers Nas, Jay-Z, Twista and others. Tim's Bio notably marks the on-record debut of Ludacris on "Phat Rabbit", later included on his major-label debut LP Back for the First Time (2000).
The music video for "Lobster & Scrimp" featuring Jay-Z premiered on January 4, 1999. It was shot in Las Vegas, Nevada, and directed by Timbaland (credited under his real name, Tim Mosley).
In August 2021, Blackground rebranded as Blackground 2.0, with Barry Hankerson remaining as founder. Blackground 2.0 signed a distribution deal with Empire Distribution, which will re-release the label's catalogue onto digital download sites and streaming services. Tim's Bio: Life from da Bassment was rereleased on August 27, 2021.
Pātīgaṇita is the term used in pre-modern Indian mathematical literature to denote the area of mathematics dealing with arithmetic and mensuration. The term is a compound word formed by combining the words pātī and  gaṇita. The former is a non-Sanskrit word meaning a "board" and the latter is a Sanskrit word meaning "science of calculation". Thus the term pātīgaṇita literally means the science of calculations which requires a board (on which dust or sand is spread out) for performing the calculations, or "board-computation" in short. The usage of the term became popular among authors of Indian mathematical works about the beginning of the seventh century CE. It may be noted that  Brahmagupta (c. 598 – c. 668 CE)  has not used this term. Instead, he uses the term dhūlīkarma (dhūlī is the Sanskrit term for dust).  The terminology pātīgaṇitamay be contrasted with  "bījagaṇita" which denotes the area of mathematics referred to as algebra.
The term Pātīgaṇita is also the title of a work composed by Sridhara, an Indian mathematician who flourished during the 8th-9th century CE.
This is a list of current routes operated by the mass transit agency Spokane Transit Authority in Spokane, Washington. Spokane Transit Authority operates 52 routes as of May 2023. Routes are organized by route number. Discontinued routes and former versions of existing routes are not listed. Routes are color-coded in accordance with the STA's Map, with green for shuttles, red for high-frequency, blue for basic-frequency, pink for express routes, and lilac for the City Line.
These lists reflect the January 21, 2024 STA service changes.
The 2018 Limerick county hurling team season was the Limerick senior hurling team's 127th active season of participation in inter-county hurling. During the season, Limerick played in the Munster League, the National League, the Munster Championship and the All-Ireland Championship. It was the team's most successful season in nearly half a century.
Veteran players James Ryan and Gavin O'Mahony retired from inter-county hurling within days of each other at the end of the previous season, while 2017 championship panellist Stephen Cahill was also an absentee. Notable players returning included Kevin Downes, who missed the 2017 season due to a cruciate injury, and David Reidy, who rejoined the Limerick panel after a year with the Kildare senior hurling team. Other additions included several players from Limerick's 2017 All-Ireland Under-21 Championship-winning team, such as Séamus Flanagan.
On 19 August 2018, Limerick won the All-Ireland title for the 8th time in their history after a 3-16 to 2-18 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland SHC final at Croke Park. Leading by nine points at one stage in the second half and by eight with just two minutes of normal time remaining, Limerick withstood a sensational Galway comeback, which included late goals by Conor Whelan and Joe Canning, to win by a single point. It was their first All-Ireland title since 1973. 
Limerick were described as the "worthiest All-Ireland champions" of all time after playing eight games to win the title, including defeats of the traditional big three - Kilkenny, Cork and Tipperary - as well as the 2017 All-Ireland champions Galway and runners-up Waterford. Over 80,000 fans lined the streets of Limerick to welcome the team home the day after the final.
Education and Sharing Day is a day established by the United States Congress in honor of the Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson. It calls for increased focus on education, and recognizes the lifelong efforts of the Rebbe for education. Since 1978, Education & Sharing Day, USA, has been proclaimed by the president each year on the Rebbe's birthday on the Jewish calendar, 11 Nissan, which is four days before Passover and thus generally can fall between March 21 and April 21 on the Gregorian calendar.
Stockport Central Library is a Carnegie library in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England. It was built in 1913–15 to designs by Bradshaw, Gass and Hope in the Edwardian Baroque style and as of 2023 continues to serve as Stockport's largest library.


The kommerkiarios (Greek: κομμερκιάριος) was a fiscal official of the Byzantine Empire charged with the collection of the imperial sales tax or kommerkion.


Shoukichi Kina (喜納昌吉, Kina Shōkichi, born June 10, 1948 in Koza, Okinawa), is a Japanese rock musician and politician. He, along with his band Champloose, played a large role in the Okinawan home-grown "folk rock" scene in the 1970s and 1980s. His first big hit was "Haisai Ojisan" ("Hey, old man") in 1972, which he wrote when he was in high school. A Song from the 1980 album Blood Lines, "Hana" also named "Subete no Hito no Kokoro ni Hana o", is frequently heard in international markets.
He was elected a member of the House of Councillors in July 2004. In 2010 he ran for a second term but lost.
Eddy Silvestre Pascual Israfilov (Azerbaijani: Eddi Silvestr Paskual İsrafilov; born 2 August 1992), or simply Eddy, is a professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Malaysia Super League club Johor Darul Ta'zim, and the Azerbaijan national team.
He spent most of his professional career in Spain, playing 11 La Liga games for Granada and Eibar, as well as 189 games and 7 goals in Segunda División for six clubs, mainly Real Murcia and Albacete.
Born in Spain to an Angolan father and an Azerbaijani mother, Eddy has represented Azerbaijan internationally since 2015.
Pětikozly is a municipality and village in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 90 inhabitants.
Lelde Stumbre (born 30 January 1952) is a Latvian dramatist and politician. Author of many plays, she also wrote the screenplay to Lai tev labi klājas!, a 1995 TV series. She was a candidate for the Latvian parliament in 2011, but finished as the first runner up for her party in the Riga voting region. In 2014 Stumbre briefly served in the Saeima from 30 January to 20 March as a substitute for Einārs Cilinskis.
Hasan Aghareb Parast (Persian: حسن اقارب پرست) (1946 – 1984) was an Iranian military officer in the Iranian Army Ground Forces. He was the deputy commander of the 92nd Armored Division during the Iran-Iraq War and was killed in action in the war.
Platonovka (Russian: Платоновка) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.

Modern localities
Platonovka, Kursk Oblast, a khutor in Shevelevsky Selsoviet of Oboyansky District of Kursk Oblast
Platonovka, Novosibirsk Oblast, a village in Tatarsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast
Platonovka, Omsk Oblast, a village in Cherlaksky Rural Okrug of Novovarshavsky District of Omsk Oblast
Platonovka, Rostov Oblast, a khutor in Otradovskoye Rural Settlement of Azovsky District of Rostov Oblast
Platonovka, Samara Oblast, a selo in Shigonsky District of Samara Oblast
Platonovka, Tambov Oblast, a selo in Platonovsky Selsoviet of Rasskazovsky District of Tambov Oblast
Platonovka, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in Arsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan
Platonovka, Tula Oblast, a village in Kruglikovsky Rural Okrug of Yefremovsky District of Tula Oblast
Platonovka, Voronezh Oblast, a village in Tambovskoye Rural Settlement of Ternovsky District of Voronezh Oblast
Historical localities
Platonovka, Arkhangelsk Governorate, a colony included in Alexandrovskaya Volost of Alexandrovsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian SFSR upon its establishment in 1920
Joshua Elijah Reese (born July 14, 1984) is an American actor.
Dilip Kumar (11 December 1922 – 7 July 2021) was an Indian actor. He made his acting debut in 1944 with Jwar Bhata. The 1947 drama Jugnu opposite Noor Jehan was his first major success. Nadiya Ke Par was similarly that year's highest grossing Indian film. In 1949, he featured alongside Raj Kapoor in Mehboob Khan's Andaz opposite Nargis. This love triangle at the time of its release was the highest-grossing Indian film ever.
The 1950s saw Kumar in a number of popular films playing a variety of roles. Kumar won the first-ever Filmfare Award in the Best Actor category for his performance in 1954 release Daag. Two years later, Kumar played the title character in the drama Azaad, which earned him his second Filmfare Best Actor Award. His title role in Devdas (1955) earned him his third Filmfare Best Actor Award. Some of these films established his screen image as the "Tragedy King" because of his ill-fated characters in films. He also appeared alongside Dev Anand in Insaniyat (1955). Nine of Kumar's films were among the Top 30 highest-grossing films of the decade.
In 1960, Kumar appeared in K. Asif's big-budget epic historical film Mughal-e-Azam. He played Mughal Prince Salim, who falls in love with Anarkali (a court dancer, played by  Madhubala), and later revolts against his father Akbar (Prithviraj Kapoor). The film was successful at the box office earning a net revenue of ₹55 million (US$11,530,000). The film became the highest-grossing Indian film of all time. He played dual roles in the drama film Ram Aur Shyam (1967) which earned him his seventh Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
In 1981, Dilip Kumar appeared in historical drama Kranti, in the role of a revolutionary fighting for India's independence from British rule. He collaborated with director Subhash Ghai in films Vidhaata (1982), action film Karma, and Saudagar. He made his last film appearance in Qila. His two films Aag Ka Dariya and Kalinga are completed but remain unreleased. 
In total, Kumar worked as a lead in  57 films. Also he was doing many cameo/guest appearances and  many unreleased films in his 54 years film career. He was most choosy and selective actor at that time. He earned 19 nominations for best actor at the Filmfare Awards in his career, winning 8, three of them back to back (which is a record in itself). He received the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 1994.
Love Express  is a 2016 Bengali romantic drama film directed by Rajiv Kumar Biswas. The soundtrack of the film was composed by Jeet Gannguli. The film stars Dev and Nusrat Jahan in lead roles. The film is a remake of the 2013 Telugu movie Venkatadri Express.
Comptech,  also known as Comptech Racing, is a company that designs and builds racing car engines. It was originally started in Sunnyvale, California, in the late 1970s by Doug Petersen and Don Erb. The company moved to a new location in Rancho Cordova, California, in the mid 1980s, then to El Dorado Hills, California. The original Comptech closed its doors in February 2007. The race engine shop was purchased by a previously existing circle track racing supply company, Penney Racing. Comptech's Chief Executive Officer is Frederick W. Penney. The wildly successful aftermarket parts side is still in operation today under the name 'CT Engineering' run out of Rancho Cordova, California.
Kappa Ebisen (かっぱえびせん) is a Japanese snack food produced by Calbee of Japan in Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima.
The primary ingredients of Kappa Ebisen are wheat flour, vegetable oil, starch, shrimp, sugar, salt, baking powder, amino acid and sweetening.
The Women of Color Resource Center was founded in 1990 by Linda Burnham and Miriam Ching Yoon Louie, who met at U.N. World Conference on Women in Nairobi, Kenya in 1985. They were joined at the WCRC by Caroline Guilartes, Jung Hee Choi, Angela Davis, Derethia DuVal, Chris Lymbertos, Genevieve Negron-Gonzales, Margo Okazawa-Rey and Cindy Wiesner. Burnham served as its Executive Director for 18 years. It includes five objectives: Women's Human Rights, Popular Education, Welfare, Peace and Justice, and Sisters of Fire. 
Linda Burnham served as executive director from 1990 until December 2007, at which point Anisha Desai succeeded her. On February 26, 2010, the Women of Color Resource Center ceased operations.
The Independent Working Class Association (IWCA) is a minor political party in the United Kingdom that aims to promote the political and economic interests of the working class, regardless of the consequences to existing political and economic structures. It has been most successful in the Blackbird Leys and Wood Farm estates of Oxford and had a councillor on Oxford City Council until 2012, but was ultimately deregistered with the Electoral Commission in November 2020.
Diwan Bahadur V. S. Subrahmanya Iyer (born 21 October 1877) was an Indian administrator who served as the Diwan of the princely state of Travancore from 1929 to 1932.


Johannes Schüler (21 June 1894 – 3 October 1966) was a German conductor. He held leading positions at opera houses such as the Berlin State Opera and the Staatsoper Hannover. He promoted contemporary music, leading the world premieres of Alban Berg's Three Pieces for Orchestra in 1930, and Henze's Boulevard Solitude in 1952.
The New Alchemy Institute was a research center that did pioneering investigation into organic agriculture, aquaculture and bioshelter design between 1969 and 1991. It was founded by John Todd, Nancy Jack Todd, and William McLarney. Its purpose was to research human support systems of food, water, and shelter and to completely rethink how these systems were designed.


This is a list of concert arias, songs and canons by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Rukmini is a Sanskrit feminine given name and a surname that may refer to the following notable people:

Given name
Rukmani Bai, Indian politician
Rukmani Devi (1923–1978), Sri Lankan film actress and singer
Rukmani Gounder, New Zealand economist
Surname
Kumari Rukmani (1929–2007), Indian actress and dancer
T. S. Rukmani, Indian Sanskrit scholar
Necmi Sönmez (born 1968 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish-German curator, art critic and writer. He lives and works in Düsseldorf.
Avengers Assemble is a comic book series featuring the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. The first title was an ongoing series whose initial release coincided with the release of the 2012 film The Avengers.
The 2012 series was originally featured as an Avengers book featuring the cast from the 2012 film, designed to attract fans of Marvel's cinematic universe to the comics. After issue #8, it switched focus to showing different Avengers between missions. Beginning with #14 A.U., it has become the Avengers book used for crossovers.  The series ended in March 2014.
In 2024, it was announced that the title will be revived as a 5-issue limited series, featuring both veterans and new recruits being added to a new team called the Avengers Emergency Response Squad.


Henry Stopes (1852 in Colchester – 5 December 1902, in Greenhithe) was an English brewer, architect and amateur palaeontologist of repute in late 19th century London. He amassed the largest private collection of fossils and lithic artefacts in Britain. He was the husband of Shakespearean scholar and feminist, Charlotte Carmichael Stopes, and father of Marie Stopes, the birth control advocate. Stopes was the first Briton to claim to have found palaeolithic implements in the Thames river valley.
Coralliozetus micropes, the Scarletfin blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean. It can reach a maximum length of 4 centimetres (1.6 in) TL. This species feeds primarily on zooplankton.
Denis Scannell was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Blackrock and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from 1891 until 1893.
Wherwell Wood is a hamlet in the civil parish of Wherwell in the Test Valley district of Hampshire, England. It lies approximately 2.7 miles (4.4 km) south from Andover, its nearest town. The hamlet is named after Wherwell Wood, a large wood containing 511 acres (207 ha) of woodland and plantations.


Tatiana Debien (born 30 January 1991) is a Russian-born French freestyle wrestler competing in the 53kg division.
Peter G. Camden (May 23, 1801 in  – July 23, 1873) was the ninth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri serving from 1846 to 1847. He was a member of the American Party.
Daulatpur is a Town in Pathankot district in the state of Punjab, India.
Tiled printing is a method that computer programs use to enable users to print images larger than a standard page. This method was popularized by a program called The Rasterbator. A tiled printing program overlays a grid on the printed image in which each cell (or tile) is the size of a printed page, and then prints each tile. A person can then arrange the tiles to reconstruct the full image.
Tiled printing has been widespread since the days of mainframe computers. An early example is the Unix banner program which created very large printable text banners out of ASCII characters in some Unix variants. Programs were available to convert images to ASCII art that when printed large enough and viewed sufficiently far away, appeared to be smoothly shaded. Modern software may use halftoning to achieve a similar effect.
Another form of tiled printing, inspired by continuous feed printers, involves making a long message of letters, possibly with inline graphics of the same height, and printing it sideways over several pages to make a banner. This type of printing is usually associated with The Print Shop, a 1980s software package.
Since high-resolution images are used to create the prints, a large amount of ink is used in the process. Ink jet printers are used to make tiled printouts without sacrificing the resolution of the original image at reasonable cost. These decorations are sometimes called rasterbations, after a popular tiled printing program, "The Rasterbator." The Rasterbator program accepts users images and divides them into a grid format. Users can specify how big the final product should be, in terms of pages. The application then produces PDF images that when printed out, form the entire picture.
Adel Emara is an Egyptian general. He is Deputy Defense Minister of Egypt, and a member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF) which has ruled Egypt since the resignation of Hosni Mubarak in February 2011.
Corleto may refer to:
Eliktekke is a village in the Amasya District, Amasya Province, Turkey. Its population is 49 (2021).
Irving "Moon" Mondschein (February 7, 1924 – June 5, 2015) was an American track and field athlete and football player.
Hutchinson USD 308 is a public unified school district headquartered in Hutchinson, Kansas, United States.  The district includes most of the city of Hutchinson.
Yuculta is from the Kwak'wala language of northern Vancouver Island and may refer to:

Yucultas, a Southern Kwakiutl First Nations people of Campbell River and Quadra Island
Yuculta Rapids, in the Cordero Channel near the mouth of Bute Inlet
The Cascade Locks Work Center, in Mount Hood National Forest near the town of Cascade Locks, Oregon, was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 for its architecture. The Rustic style structures were designed by the architects of the United States Forest Service. The listing includes three contributing buildings on a 1.9-acre (0.77 ha) parcel.  Historically the Work Center has been used as a single dwelling and a warehouse.
Awaing (Burmese: အဝိုင်း) is a village in Ye Township in the Mon State of south-east Burma. It is located approximately 14 kilometres north-east of Ye city.
Nearby towns and villages include Sonmatha (2.2 nm), Sakale (2.2 nm), Kaleiktok (3.5 nm), Wekwa (3.9 nm), Pawtaw (2.2 nm) and Awagyaik (2.0 nm).


Henry Alfred Steinway (born February 8, 1991), better known by his stage name RL Grime, (previously known as Clockwork) is an American record producer and DJ. RL Grime specializes in trap and bass music and is a member of the Los Angeles electronic music collective WeDidIt. His debut Grapes EP was released in April 2012 on WeDidIt. RL Grime premiered a popular Halloween mix in October 2012, which have continued to be released annually through 2023. His follow-up EP High Beams was released in July 2013 on Fool's Gold Records, which debuted at No. 8 on Billboard's Dance/Electronic Albums chart, and No. 1 on the iTunes Electronic Chart. RL Grime has produced remixes for Benny Benassi, Chief Keef, Jamie Lidell, and Shlohmo. His second studio album, Nova, was released in 2018. In February 2019, RL Grime announced the founding of his record label Sable Valley.


Donald David Hoffman (born December 29, 1955) is an American cognitive psychologist and popular science author. He is a professor in the Department of Cognitive Sciences at the University of California, Irvine, with joint appointments in the Department of Philosophy, the Department of Logic and Philosophy of Science, and the School of Computer Science.
Hoffman studies consciousness, visual perception, and evolutionary psychology using mathematical models and psychophysical experiments. His research subjects include facial attractiveness, the recognition of shape, the perception of motion and color, the evolution of perception, and the mind–body problem. He has co-authored two technical books; Observer Mechanics: A Formal Theory of Perception (1989) offers a theory of consciousness and its relationship to physics; Automotive Lighting and Human Vision (2005) applies vision science to vehicle lighting. His book Visual Intelligence: How We Create What We See (1998) presents the modern science of visual perception to a broad audience. His 2015 TED Talk, "Do we see reality as it is?" argues that our perceptions have evolved to hide reality from us.


Nyabêla (1825/30 - 1902) also known in Afrikaans as Niabel, was a chief of the Ndzundza-Ndebele during the nineteenth century. He is remembered for his struggle against whites for control of his tribe's own territory.
Aconeceras is an early Cretaceous ammonite included in the oppeliid subfamily Aconeceratidae, characterized by an involute, high-whorled, flat-sided shell that bears a finely serrate keel along the venter. Sutures have narrower and deeper elements than in Protaconeceras.  Aconeceras has been found in western Europe, South Africa, and eastern Australia. Its stratigraphic range is from the  Upper Barramian to the  Lower Albian.
Halo: Ghosts of Onyx is a military science fiction novel by Eric Nylund, based on the Halo series of video games. The book was released in October 2006 and is the fourth Halo novel; Nylund's third contribution to the series. Onyx was also the first of three Halo novels to be published by Tor Books, rather than the previous publisher, Del Rey.
Ghosts of Onyx details the creation of a group of supersoldiers known as the SPARTAN-IIIs to defend humanity against the alien collective known as the Covenant. After the events of Halo 2, the SPARTAN's training world of Onyx is beset by robotic attackers. The SPARTANs and their trainers must fight the robots and the Covenant as they work to uncover the planet's secrets.
Upon release, Ghosts of Onyx garnered generally positive reviews. The novel debuted on The New York Times bestseller list and became an international bestseller.
The 1998–99 Segunda División season saw 22 teams participate in the second flight Spanish league. Málaga CF, CD Numancia, Sevilla FC and Rayo Vallecano were promoted to Primera División. RCD Mallorca B, Barcelona B, Hércules CF and CD Ourense were relegated to Segunda División B.
Within contract bridge a stolen bid is a bid which usually lacks connection to the bidders own hand, and instead is used for blocking a certain bid (or a range of several bids) to be expressed from the next opponent. To "steal a bid" is mainly done when the opponent to the right has given a conventional bid which the opponent to the left is likely to reply to. By far, most stolen bids are related to the Stayman convention. But also other conventions where some kind of reply is expected, the "reply range" can at least in theory be stolen. Blackwood is another example of a convention that might be exposed to a stolen bid.
Liberty Bridge (Croatian: Most slobode) is a four-lane road bridge over Sava River in Zagreb, Croatia. The Većeslav Holjevac Avenue crosses over it, connecting Trnje with Novi Zagreb in the central part of the city.
Pilmer v Duke Group Ltd is an Australian company law case concerning the adequacy of consideration paid for shares, as well as on the questions of duty of care and fiduciary duty owed by experts retained in such matters.
The Strathmore Rockies were a professional women's ice hockey team in the Western Women's Hockey League (WWHL). The team played its home games in Strathmore Family Center Arena, in Strathmore, Alberta, Canada.
Pars descendens may refer to:

Descending aorta, also known by the Latin term pars descendens aortae
Descending limb of loop of Henle, also known by the Latin term pars descendens ansa nephrica
Vincent Ludwig Persichetti (June 6, 1915 – August 14, 1987) was an American composer, teacher, and pianist. An important musical educator and writer, he was known for his integration of various new ideas in musical composition into his own work and teaching, as well as for training many noted composers in composition at the Juilliard School.
His students at Juilliard included Philip Glass, Steve Reich, Larry Thomas Bell, Bruce Adolphe, Louis Calabro, Moshe Cotel, Michael Jeffrey Shapiro, Laurie Spiegel, Kenneth Fuchs, Richard Danielpour, Lawrence Dillon, Peter Schickele, Lowell Liebermann, Robert Witt, Elena Ruehr, William Schimmel, Leonardo Balada, Gitta Steiner, Hank Beebe, Roland Wiggins, Thomas Pasatieri, Randell Croley and Leo Brouwer. He also taught composition to Joseph Willcox Jenkins and conductor James DePreist at the Philadelphia Conservatory.
The Moluccan masked owl (Tyto sororcula), also known as the lesser masked owl, is a species of owl in the barn owl family. It is endemic to the south Moluccas of Indonesia. Some taxonomists consider this species to be conspecific with the Australian masked owl.
General Gagan Singh Bhandari  (Nepali: गगनसिंह भंडारी)(1796-1846) was a Nepalese General. He was born in a Chettri family of Gorkha Kingdom. He was the commander-in-chief of the most powerful party headed by Queen Rajya Lakshmi Devi, the favourite wife of King Rajendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev. She was anxious to secure the crown for her own son, and meantime permanent regency for herself. At the height of his power during 1845, general Gagan Singh controlled seven regiments in the army compared to only three by the prime minister Fateh Jung Shah, making him the one holding the real power behind the throne of Nepal.  His notorious affair with the queen also made him an object of jealousy and dislike to the king and the royal family.  Little is known about his early days.  He was shot to death from behind while offering evening prayers at his private temple on the night of September 14, 1846.  His assassination remains mysterious, and is considered by historians as one of the untold stories which led to a turnaround of events in the History of Nepal, and eventually the establishment of the Rana dynasty.
Symperasmus alboniger is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bates in 1861.
Hoy Chee Wong (August 23, 1920 – July 30, 2009), known affectionally as Mr Hoy, was a Hong Kong-born American bartender and media personality in New York City. He was believed to be the oldest person to hold such a position in New York prior to his death. He served numerous high profile clientele, including film star Anthony Quinn.
Although Austria is surrounded by land and is really  hilly topography, meteorological preconditions permit the utilization of wind power. First calculations on the basis of wind measuring data assessed  at the meteorological stations in the early 1980s rendered the surprising result of annually approx. 6,600 to 10,000 gigawatt-hour (GWh) of technically exploitable wind energy potential in Austria.
Austria ranked as the world's seventeenth largest producer of wind power with an installed nameplate capacity of 995 megawatt (MW) in 2008, behind Ireland and ahead of Greece.
Rebordelo may refer to the following places in Portugal:

Rebordelo (Amarante), a parish in the municipality of Amarante
Rebordelo (Vinhais), a parish in the municipality of Vinhais
The following lists events that happened during 2000 in Chile.
The Devecikonağı Dam is a gravity dam on Emet Stream about 5 km (3.1 mi) south of Devecikonağı in Bursa Province, Turkey. The primary purpose of the dam is to generate hydroelectric power and it has a 29 MW power station. Construction on the 40 m (130 ft) tall dam began in September 2010 and its power station was operational in 2012. To regulate water flow into the dam's reservoir and produce power more consistently, Kizkayasi Dam is planned upstream.


Byzantine romance represents a revival of the ancient Greek romance of Roman times. Works in this category were written  by Byzantine Greeks of the Eastern Roman Empire during the 12th century.
Under the Comnenian dynasty, Byzantine writers of twelfth century Constantinople reintroduced the ancient Greek romance literature, imitating its form and time but somewhat Christianizing its content. Hence the Byzantine stories are traditional in their plot structure and setting (featuring complex turns of events taking place in the ancient Mediterranean, complete with the ancient gods and beliefs) but are also medieval, clearly belonging to the era of the Crusades as they reflect customs and beliefs of that time. A break of eight centuries exists between the last surviving romance work of late antiquity and the first of this medieval revival.
Only four of these works exist today, just one of which is written in prose: Hysimine and Hysimines by Eustathios Makrembolites. Two are in the dodecasyllable metre: Rodanthe and Dosikles by Theodore Prodromos and Drosilla and Charikles by Niketas Eugenianos. And one is in "political verse," Arístandros and Kallithéa by Constantine Manasses, but exists only in fragments.
Of these four romances, one had been translated into English before the twenty-first century: Ismene and Ismenias, a Novel by L.H. Le Moine, (London and Paris: 1788). Le Moine, however, had made his translation from the 1756 French translation, Les amours d'Ismene et d'Ismenias, of Pierre-François Godart de Beauchamps,  which had in turn been made from a Latin rather than a Greek text.
More recently, however, interest in these works by English readers has increased, resulting in new translations directly from the Greek.

A Byzantine Novel: Drosilla and Charikles by Niketas Eugenianos translated by Joan Burton (Bolchazy-Carducci Publishers, Inc., 2004).
Four Byzantine Novels translated by Elizabeth Jeffreys (Liverpool University Press, 2012), which includes Rhodanthe and Dosikles by Theodore Prodromos, Hysmine and Hysminias by Eumathios Makrembolites, Aristandros and Kallithea by Constantine Manasses, and Drosilla and Charikles by Niketas Eugenianos 
Later medieval romance works from around the fourteenth century continued this literary tradition. These are the anonymous

Belthandros and Chrysantza
Kallimachos and Chrysorrhoe
Lybistros and Rhodamne
available in English translation as Three Medieval Greek Romances: Velthandros and Chrysandza, Kallimachos and Chrysorroi, Livistros and Rodamni, translated by Gavin Betts, Garland Library of Medieval Literature, 98 (B), (New York & London: Garland Publishing, Inc. 1995). One of them is available in French: M Pichard, Le roman de Callimaque et de Chrysorrhoé: Texte établi et traduit, (Paris: 1956). Some of them are available in Italian : C Cupane Romanzi Cavallereschi Bizantini (Torino:1995)

Other medieval romance works include the anonymous:

The Tale of Achilles
The Tale of Troy: a Byzantine Iliad
The India–Bangladesh enclaves, also known as the Chiṭmahals (Bengali: ছিটমহল chiṭmôhôl) and sometimes called Pasha enclaves, were the enclaves along the Bangladesh–India border, in Bangladesh and the Indian states of West Bengal, Tripura, Assam and Meghalaya. The main body of Bangladesh contained 102 Indian enclaves, which in turn contained 21 Bangladeshi counter-enclaves, one of which contained Dahala Khagrabari, an Indian counter-counter-enclave, the world's only third-order enclave when it existed. The Indian mainland contained 71 Bangladeshi enclaves, which in turn contained 3 Indian counter-enclaves. A joint census in 2010 found 51,549 people who were residing in these enclaves: 37,334 in Indian enclaves within Bangladesh and 14,215 in Bangladeshi enclaves within India.
The Prime Ministers of India and Bangladesh signed the Land Boundary Agreement in 1974 to exchange enclaves and simplify their international border. A revised version of the agreement was adopted by the two countries on 7 May 2015, when the Parliament of India passed the 100th Amendment to the Constitution of India. Under this agreement, which was ratified on 6 June 2015, India received 51 Bangladeshi enclaves (covering  7,110 acres (2,880 ha)) in the Indian mainland, while Bangladesh received 111 Indian enclaves (covering 17,160 acres (6,940 ha)) in the Bangladeshi mainland. The enclave residents were allowed to either continue residing at their present location or move to the country of their choice. The exchange of enclaves was to be implemented in phases between 31 July 2015 and 30 June 2016. The enclaves were exchanged at midnight on 31 July 2015 and the transfer of enclave residents was completed on 30 November 2015. After the Land Boundary Agreement, India lost around 40 square kilometres (15 sq mi) to Bangladesh.
Since the exchange of territory took place, the only remaining enclave is Dahagram–Angarpota, an exclave of Bangladesh.
This is a list of foreign ministers in 2006.
Scott Roger Jorgensen (born September 17, 1982) is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Bantamweight division.  A professional competitor since 2006, Jorgensen has formerly competed for the UFC, WEC, and ShoXC.
Karate Warriors originally titled in Japan as 
Kozure Satsujin-ken is a 1976 Japanese martial arts film starring Sonny Chiba.
David J. McCarthy Jr. is Dean Emeritus of the Georgetown University Law Center, Washington, DC, USA from 1975 to 1983. McCarthy received a bachelor's degree from Fairfield University, and a J.D. J.D., LL.M., and an honorary LL.D. from Georgetown, where he was managing editor of the Georgetown Law Journal.
McCarthy became a professor of law at Georgetown in 1965 specializing in state and local government law, and has written a number of books on the topic.  Before coming to Georgetown McCarthy was an attorney at the United States Department of Justice and was the founding Director of the D.C. Bail Project.
Oldtown can refer to:
A chuckwagon or chuck wagon is a horse-drawn wagon operating as a mobile field kitchen and frequently covered with a white tarp, also called a camp wagon or round-up wagon. It was historically used for the storage and transportation of food and cooking equipment on the prairies of the United States and Canada. They were included in wagon trains for settlers and traveling workers such as cowboys or loggers. In modern times, chuckwagons feature in special cooking competitions and events. Chuckwagons are also used in a type of competition known as chuckwagon racing.
PlanGrid is a construction productivity software designed for onsite construction workers. PlanGrid digitises blueprints. It features version control and collaboration tools such as field markups, progress photos and issues tracking.
Daryl Ray "Bud" Hebert (born October 12, 1956) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League (NFL) who played for the New York Giants. He played football and baseball at University of Oklahoma.
Ultimate Six is a seven-issue comic book limited series and crossover between Spider-Man and the Ultimates (2003), featuring the Ultimate Marvel version of the Sinister Six. The series was written by Brian Michael Bendis, penciled by Trevor Hairsine and inked by Danny Miki.
The Club Campestre El Rancho is a tennis and golf venue in Bogotá, Colombia. Until 2012, the club was the host of the Copa Colsanitas, a WTA Tour Tier-III event (2001–2008), and from 2009 a WTA International tournament. The club previously hosted an ATP Tour event from 1994–2001. The club has 25 clay courts and a stadium court for 2,500 spectators.


Nosophora panaresalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1859. It is found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Equatorial Guinea.
The Queens Arcade (Welsh: Arcêd y Frenhines) is a shopping centre in Cardiff city centre. It opened on 28 April 1994.
The Museum of Raqqa, also known as the Ar-Raqqah Museum or Rakka Museum (Arabic: مَتْحَفُ الرَّقَّةِ, romanized: Matḥaf ar-Raqqah), is a museum in Raqqa, Syria founded in 1981. The structure housing the museum was built in 1861 and served as an Ottoman governmental building. The museum is dedicated to the preservation of the culture of the Raqqa province.
The museum notably curates large collections gathered from the excavation researches led in the region of Tell Sabi Abyad, Tell Bi'a, Tell Chuera, Tell Munbaqa, and various artefacts dating back to Roman and Byzantine times, as well as more recent objects from the Islamic period (notably the epoch of Haroun al-Rachid) and from the time of the bedouin domination. Its first floor has three sections: Ancient, Classical Vestiges and Modern Art; and the second floor is dedicated to Arab and Islamic art.
At its peak, the museum housed some 7,000 artifacts from the surrounding regions. The Syrian Civil War caused damage to the museum with many of its items being stolen and destroyed during ISIL's rule over Raqqa. After the capture of the city by the Syrian Democratic Forces in October 2017, the Raqqa Civil Council and its "Committee of Culture and Antiquities" in cooperation with the Vision (Ro’ya) Organisation, has started to restore the building and track down its stolen artifacts, beginning in early 2018.
Amorphophallus dunnii is a species of subtropical tuberous herbaceous plant found in Guangdong and Guangxi provinces of China.


Simple Addition or Totals is a family of patience or card solitaire games that share certain aims and procedures.
First Presbyterian Church, also known as the Calvary Temple Evangelical Church and St. Patrick's Priory Church, is a historic church at 946 Market Street in Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia. It was built in 1894, and is a two-story, brick and stone church building in a combined Romanesque / Gothic Revival style.  It features a corner bell tower.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and it is a contributing property to the Avery Street Historic District, which was designated and listed on the National Register in 1986.
Since 2016, the church building has been home to St. Patrick's Priory Church, a congregation of the Missionary Diocese of All Saints in the Anglican Church in North America.


Below are the squads for the 2018 AFF Championship, which took place from 8 November to 15 December 2018.
Grant Township is a township in Guthrie County, Iowa, United States.
Rynarcice [rɨnarˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Korfantów, 16 km (10 mi) east of Nysa, and 36 km (22 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.
Rubus rosifolius, (sometimes spelled Rubus rosaefolius), also known as roseleaf bramble, Mauritius raspberry, thimbleberry, Vanuatu raspberry and bramble of the Cape is a prickly subshrub native to rainforest and tall open forest of the Himalayas, East Asia, and eastern Australia. Its double-flowered variety is named Rubus rosifolius var. coronarius (synonym: Rubus coronarius).
It is also found abundantly in the Brazilian states Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro and to the south as far as Rio Grande do Sul. The plant can also be found in a lot of San Francisco neighborhoods. This plant also grows in the wild in Puerto Rico.
Rose-leaf bramble leaves are compound with toothed margins, with glandular-hairs on both sides of leaflets. Flowers are white in panicles or solitary. Edible fruit are 2 cm long.
Leaves stay green and fruits ripen in early autumn in Eastern Australia.


Alumni Hall is the on-campus basketball gymnasium at Providence College in Providence, Rhode Island, United States. It was built in 1955 and was the home court for the school's men's basketball program until 1972. The gymnasium has hosted the Providence College women's basketball team since its inception in 1974.
Hildegard Laurich (15 January 1941 – 11 February 2009), was a German classical contralto singer.
Ochthochloa is a genus of desert plants in the grass family native to the Sahara and Arabian Deserts. The only known species is Ochthochloa compressa, whose native range extends from Algeria to Uttarakhand.
The Metropolitan Police Museum is the museum, library and archive of the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS), conserving and curating documents, books, objects and uniforms relating to the organisation's history. Over the course of its existence it has also been known as the Police Museum, Bow Street Museum, the Metropolitan Police Historical Collection and from 2009 to 2022 as the Metropolitan Police Heritage Centre. It and the Crime Museum are both run by a team within Centrally Delivered Support Services, itself part of MO11. It also assists with the care of the Metropolitan Police Historic Vehicle Collection, since 2023 at the same site.
Coldeast is a former manor house and former psychiatric hospital between Park Gate and Sarisbury in Hampshire, England. The house is used today as a wedding and conference venue and much of the former grounds are being redeveloped for housing and the construction of a new leisure centre.


The Main Ingredient is an American soul and R&B group.
The Main Ingredient may also refer to:

The Main Ingredient (Pete Rock & CL Smooth album), 1994
The Main Ingredient (Shirley Horn album), 1995
The Bart Cummings is a Victoria Racing Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race quality handicap, over a distance of 2500 metres. It is held annually at Flemington Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia in early October.  The total prize money is A$750,000.
Othmar, also spelled Otmar or Ottmar, is a masculine German given name, derived from the Germanic name Audamar, from the elements aud "wealth, prosperity" and mar "fame".
Notable people with the name include:

Saint Othmar, medieval monk and priest
Othmar Ammann, Swiss-American structural engineer
Otmar Emminger, German economist
Otmar Freiherr von Verschuer, German-Dutch human biologist and geneticist
Otmar Hasler, Prime Minister of Lichtenstein (2001–2009)
Ottmar Hörl, German conceptual artist, sculptor, installation, action, photography, and object artist
Ottmar Hitzfeld, German football player and manager
Otmar Issing, German economist
Othmar Karas, Austrian politician
Ottmar Liebert, German guitarist, songwriter and producer
Ottmar Luscinius, German humanist
Ottmar Mergenthaler, German-American inventor
Othmar Muller von Blumencorn, Swiss sailor
Othmar Reiser, Austrian ornithologist
Othmar Schoeck, Swiss composer
Othmar Spann, Austrian philosopher
Otmar Szafnauer, American businessman
Othmar Zeidler, Austrian chemist
Sørfjorden or Sørfjord (English: Southern Fjord) is the name of several fjords on the coast of Norway.


The Princeton Principles is a policy paper made up of Ten Principles on Marriage and the Public Good. It was released in May 2006 as the culmination of discussions among scholars that began at a 2004 meeting in Princeton, New Jersey in the United States.  The finished policy paper and the initial meeting were sponsored by the Witherspoon Institute. McCormick Professor of Jurisprudence Robert P. George of Princeton University gave a copy of the Princeton Principles to George W. Bush at a meeting.  The chair of the drafting committee, Political Science Professor James R. Stoner, Jr. of Louisiana State University remarked, "The better arguments are on our side but they haven't been made, or at least made with rigor or given a hearing in the media."  Senator Sam Brownback made reference to the Princeton Principles on the floor of the Senate in his remarks on the Federal Marriage Amendment of 2006, which failed to pass.
1992 Kashima Antlers season
Because It's There is an album by Martin Carthy, released in 1979. It was re-issued by Topic Records on CD in 1995.
Moses "Whispering" Smith (January 25, 1932 – April 28, 1984) was an American blues harmonicist and singer. He recorded tracks including "A Thousand Miles from Nowhere" and "Texas Flood" and worked with Lightnin' Slim and with Silas Hogan. He was inducted into the Louisiana Blues Hall of Fame.
The Sentinel Mountain Traverse, along with the Little America-Byrd Station Traverse and the Horlick Mountains Traverse, was one of three traverses across the continent of Antarctica— this one along the Sentinel Range— completed in 1958 by Dr. Charles Bentley (a geophysicist) and Dr. Verne Anderson (a glaciologist) and their team before and during the International Geophysical Year.
Riverside (also known as Lakeview) is a ghost town located in Forrest County, Mississippi, United States.
Riverside was named for its location on the south side of the Bouie River.
A large store once operated in the settlement.
The 1835 Democratic National Convention was held from May 20 to May 22, 1835, in Baltimore, Maryland. The convention nominated incumbent Vice President Martin Van Buren for president and Representative Richard Mentor Johnson of Kentucky for vice president.
Former Speaker of the House Andrew Stevenson served as the convention chairman. With the support of President Andrew Jackson, Van Buren won the presidential nomination unanimously. Johnson narrowly won the two-thirds majority necessary for the vice presidential nomination, overcoming a challenge from William Cabell Rives of Virginia. The Democratic ticket of Van Buren and Johnson went on to win the 1836 presidential election.


Julie Inglis (born 5 August 1963) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Inglis made her Football Ferns debut as a substitute in a 3–0 win over Switzerland on 8 December 1984, and finished her international career with 15 caps to her credit.
Joan Albert (1943-2012) was an American artist. Her work is included in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art, New York and the Harvard Art Museums. In 2014, two  years after her death, Albert was included in a Time Magazine article about under-appreciated photographers from the Northeast United States.
Tokachi Hitoribocchi Nōen (十勝ひとりぼっち農園, "Tokachi Alone Plantation") is a Japanese non-fiction manga series written and illustrated by Yūji Yokoyama. It has been serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday since November 2017.
Michael P. Dempsey is a former acting Director of National Intelligence, serving from January 20, 2017 to March 15, 2017.
Altered Beast is a 1988 beat 'em up arcade video game developed and published by Sega. The game is set in Ancient Greece and follows a player character chosen by Zeus to rescue his daughter Athena from the demonic ruler of the underworld, Neff. By collecting three power-ups in a level, the player character transforms into one of five magical beasts. It was ported to several home video game consoles and home computers. Altered Beast was the pack-in game when the Genesis launched in North America and the Mega Drive in Europe.
The game's development was led by Makoto Uchida which was his first time as a project lead. Uchida and his team used the System 16 arcade system board.
Altered Beast's arcade release and its ports received mixed reviews, mainly targeting the gameplay and graphics. The game has been re-released several times for various consoles and as part of video game compilations, and there have been two sequels.
Faisal Akef Al-Fayez  (Arabic: فيصل عاكف مثقال الفايز; born 20 December 1952) is a Jordanian politician who was the 34th Prime Minister of Jordan from 25 October 2003 to 6 March 2005. Additionally, Al-Fayez is the only person in Jordanian history who was a Prime Minister, President of the Senate, President of the House of Representatives, and Head of the Royal Hashemite Court. He took office following the resignation of Ali Abu al-Ragheb.  He previously served as Minister of Defense and is very close to King Abdullah II.
This article displays the qualifying draw for the Women's singles at the 2008 Australian Open.
Muhammed Murdi Issa Al Zahrani is a citizen of Saudi Arabia who was held in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba from August 5, 2002, until November 22, 2014. His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 713. Joint Task Force Guantanamo counter-terrorism analysts estimate he was born in 1969, in Taif, Saudi Arabia.
Al-Zahrani was the thirteenth captive to be released or transferred in 2014, and the seventh to be released or transferred in November 2014. His transfer stirred controversy because he had been characterized as a "forever prisoner", one too innocent to be charged with a war crime, who was also considered too dangerous to release.
Walk-In is a comic book series, published starting in 2006, created by musician David A. Stewart, Jeff Parker, and Ashish Padlekar. The series is part of Virgin Comics' "Virgin Voices" line, the purpose of which is to let artists from other mediums create comics.


Punjabi, or Panjabi, most often refers to:

Something of, from, or related to Punjab, a region in India and Pakistan
Punjabi language
Punjabi people
Punjabi dialects and languages
Punjabi may also refer to:

Punjabi (horse), a British Thoroughbred racehorse
HMS Punjabi, a British destroyer deployed during World War II
Panjabi MC, British Indian musician
Kurta, a garment known in parts of South Asia as a panjabi
"Punjabi", a 2017 song by Timmy Trumpet and Dimatik
Lipovice is a municipality and village in Prachatice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.
Lipovice lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Prachatice, 38 km (24 mi) west of České Budějovice, and 115 km (71 mi) south of Prague.
The Morrison–Grady Plan, also known as the Morrison Plan or the Provincial Autonomy Plan was a joint Anglo-American plan announced on 31 July 1946 for the creation of a unitary federal trusteeship in Mandatory Palestine.
The plan effectively created multiple semi-autonomous states all maintained under British rule. The British were in support of this plan due to their desire to keep Palestine as their presence in the Middle East. The Arab League wanted the Zionist claims to be rejected and the British Mandate in Palestine abolished. The Zionists, with the support of the American government, did not support the Morrison-Grady plan because of the vagueness which they interpreted as British autonomy to exploit the agreement.
Millennium Kitchen Co., Ltd. (Japanese: 株式会社ミレニアムキッチン) is a Japanese video game developer. Founded by Kaz Ayabe in 1997, the company is best known as the creators of the Boku no Natsuyasumi (lit. ('My Summer Vacation') series of video games.
Giovanni Alfonso Petrucci (18 December 1650 – January 1688) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Belcastro (1686–1688).
29th Street station may refer to:

29th station, a former L station in Chicago, Illinois
29th Street station (Sacramento), a light rail station in Sacramento, California
Church and 29th Street / Church and Day stations, a streetcar stop in San Francisco, California
29th Avenue station, a rapid transit station in Vancouver, British Columbia
Qualification for the 1990 AFC Youth Championship. The main sources for information are RSSSF.com and FIFA Technical Report 1991 (see external links). In cases where the two sources disagree, FIFA's report is documented here.
Indonesia qualified as hosts.
Alples is the leading middle price furniture manufacturer in Slovenia. It was established in 1955 as Medzadružno lesno industrijsko podjetje Češnjica ("The intercooperative timber industry company Češnjica") in 1955 and renamed to its current name in 1969. Its headquarters are located in Železniki. It has 330 employees and a revenue of 30 million euros. The factory’s main production program is furniture made of chipboard, covered with melamine foil.
Alples produces furniture for bedrooms, living rooms, dining rooms, youth rooms and anterooms, a special line of cabinets for audio-video equipment and coffee tables. 50% of the products are exported, the rest are sold in domestic market. Main export markets are the United States, Austria, Croatia, Hungary, Russia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Japan, and Macedonia.
The Game is a 1997 American mystery thriller film directed by David Fincher, starring Michael Douglas, Sean Penn, Deborah Kara Unger and James Rebhorn and produced by Propaganda Films and PolyGram Filmed Entertainment. It tells the story of a wealthy investment banker who is given a mysterious birthday gift by his brother—participation in a game that integrates in strange ways with his everyday life. As the lines between the banker's real life and the game become more uncertain, hints of a larger conspiracy begin to unfold.
The Game was well-received by critics like Roger Ebert and major periodicals like The New York Times, but had middling box-office returns compared to the success of Fincher's previous film Se7en (1995). The film later gained a strong cult following among Fincher's fans, with some noting it as one of his most underrated films.
USS A. Brook Taylor (SP-326) was the planned designation for a fishing vessel the United States Navy considered for use as a minesweeper during World War I but never acquired.
A. Brook Taylor was built as a wooden-hulled commercial fishing trawler in 1913. She was the property of the Virginia Fishing Company of Ditchly, Virginia, in June 1917 when the U.S. Navy inspected her for possible naval service during World War I. She was found to be suitable for service as a minesweeper and, according to a Department of the Navy letter dated 16 November 1917, was to be fitted out as such "preparatory to . . . [being called] into service in case of emergency." The anticipated "emergency" undoubtedly referred to extensive mining of American waters. However, even though German submarines did lay some mines off the United States East Coast, the Navy never took over A. Brook Taylor, and she remained in commercial service.
Teresa Blake (born December 12) is an American actress and model. She is best known for playing the role of Gloria Marsh on the ABC soap opera All My Children (1991 to 1998).
GuidePal is a mobile app that makes it possible for content creators to earn money by recommending their favorite places and experiences to their followers – without the involvement of brands or advertisers.
GuidePal was founded in 2021. The company's head office is based in New York, United States.
Kylie Elizabeth Watson, MC is a British Army medic from Northern Ireland. She was awarded the Military Cross on 25 March 2011 in recognition of gallantry in Afghanistan.
The Gage Park Bungalow Historic District is a residential historic district in the Gage Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. The district includes 465 Chicago bungalows and eighteen other residential buildings. The bungalows were built between 1919 and 1931, a time in which single-family homeownership became broadly accessible in Chicago; as bungalows could be mass-built affordably, they appealed to these new homeowners. Gage Park, an underbuilt neighborhood in southwest Chicago, was one of the many outlying areas of the city in which large numbers of new bungalows were built in the early twentieth century. While the bungalows have a consistent shape and are set back evenly from the street, giving the district a uniform appearance, variations in color, brick patterns, and roof forms differentiate the individual houses.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 2020.
Darel Hart (born 3 January 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
From Salisbury North, Hart was recruited to and played with Central District while still a teenager. He transferred to North Adelaide in 1984 and soon established himself as one of their best players, with 'Best and Fairest' wins in 1986 and 1987. Hart captained North Adelaide to the 1987 premiership, under coach Michael Nunan, the same year that he represented Australia in an International Rules series against Ireland. He was a premiership player again in 1991, with a Jack Oatey Medal winning seven-goal haul in the 1991 Grand Final.
Hart was recruited by Adelaide in 1991 for their inaugural AFL season and played 18 of a possible 24 games that year, including their opening round victory over Hawthorn. He was also a regular in the team the following season and kicked six goals at the Melbourne Cricket Ground when Adelaide convincingly best Richmond by 110 points in round 20.
He continued at North Adelaide in 1993 and 1994 as playing coach. Hart then coached the club from the sidelines in 1995 before returning for one final stint from 2001 to 2003, which ended after an 108 point belting in Round 16 to an equally struggling South Adelaide. North Adelaide claimed the wooden spoon.
Aske is a civil parish in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England, about two miles north of Richmond.
According to the 2001 census it had a population of 122, falling to less than 100 at the 2011 Census. From this date population information is included in the parish of Whashton.  The parish includes the Grade I listed Aske Hall at grid reference NZ177034 which hosts both stables and an ornamental lake.
In the early 1870s Aske was described as:

ASKE, a township in Easby parish, N. R. Yorkshire; 2½ miles N of Richmond. Acres, 1,670. Real property, £1,537. Pop., 140. Houses, 20. Aske Hall is the seat of the Earl of Zetland; belonged formerly to the Darcys; and commands a fine prospect up and down the Swale.
The white-rumped cuckooshrike (Coracina leucopygia) is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae. It is endemic to Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Cocacolonization (alternatively coca-colonization) refers to the globalization of  American culture (also referred to as Americanization) pushed through popular American products such as the soft-drink brand  Coca-Cola. The term is a portmanteau of the name of the multinational soft-drink maker and "colonization".
The term was first documented in 1949 in Australia
and in France, where the French Communist Party strongly opposed the further expansion of Coca-Cola.: 106  In 1948, the  French finance ministry stood against "Coke" on the grounds that its operation would bring no capital to help with French recovery, and was likely to drain profits back to the parent company in the United States.: 106  The French Communist Party also warned that the Coke distribution-system would double as an espionage network.: 107 
In World War II (1939-1945) and the Cold War (1947-1991), many outside of the United States associated Coca-Cola with American culture. Seeing ties to the culture of the United States, some Europeans rejected perceived attempts to cocacolonize
their countries, objecting to what they saw as an invasion of their nationalistic identities. Europeans saw Coca-Cola not just as a carbonated refreshment, but as bottled America. By the end of the Cold War, American ideals were spread across the world by Coke and in certain cases, used to combat Communism.
Cocacolonization as a historical concept gained visibility in the Americanization debate in Europe with the 1994 publication of Reinhold Wagnleitner's book Coca-Colonization and the Cold War: The Cultural Mission of the United States in Austria After the Second World War. Wagnleitner used "Coca-Colonization" to embody the premise of his book: the United States of America attempted cultural imperialism by expanding American ideals through the spread of consumer goods such as Coca-Cola and  Levi jeans, and through cultural symbols like rock and roll and Marlon Brando's black leather jacket, as well as through the promotion of democracy in Europe.
The expression "coca-colonization" also appears in medical literature to describe the  lifestyle changes and the associated increase of incidence of characteristic chronic diseases, e.g.  type 2 diabetes.


The Clovelly-class fleet tenders, also known as the Cartmel class, are a class of Royal Maritime Auxiliary Service boats built between 1967 and 1982. The class was named after villages and small towns in Great Britain. Six of the class, Clovelly, Ilchester, Instow, Invergordon, Ironbridge and Ixworth were equipped to act as diving tenders. Lydford was originally commissioned as A510 Loyal Governor, then renamed P252 Alert for service in Ulster until 1986.
Desert dandelion is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

Malacothrix, a genus of North American plants in the family Asteraceae
Taraxacum desertorum, a species of dandelion native to the Caucasus
Jean Magnon (died 1662) was a French playwright.
Mastacembelus ophidium is a species of fish in the family Mastacembelidae. It is endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is a secretive fish, hiding in the sediment or between rocks on sandy shores.
My Apocalypse (originally titled Quality Time) is a 2008 independent  film starring Corin Nemec, Bruce Weitz, Nancy Allen, John de Lancie, Gail Strickland, Meredith Salenger, and Jesse Harper.
Directed and produced by Chris LaMont, the screenplay was written by LaMont, Craig Belanger, and Jay Holben.
Although My Apocalypse  was filmed in 1997, it was not released until 2008, due to the funding that LaMont had available to him as an independent filmmaker.  With the extensive amount of CGI and digital FX required to make the film meet his specific vision, the digital film revolution gained steam and he was able to complete the film with special visual FX Director Rene de la Fuente. Its world premiere was a screening at the Boston Underground Film Festival 2008. It has since gone on to play the Sydney Underground Film Festival, River's Edge Film Festival, New Jersey Film Festival, Arizona International Film Festival, and the Strasbourg (France) International Film Festival.
As of February 2013, the film is available to be viewed via live stream to Netflix members.
This page shows the progress of Cheltenham Town F.C. in the 2010–11 football season. This year they played their games in League Two in the English league system.
Rebeca Matte Bello (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈβeka ˈmate]; October 29, 1875 – May 15, 1929) was a Chilean sculptor. Her sculptures are in the collection of the Chilean National Museum of Fine Arts, including her sculpture Icarus and Daedalus, which resides outside the museum.


The Rand Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert northeast of California City and southwest of the town of Randsburg.
Culcreuch Castle is a Scottish castle close to the village of Fintry, near Loch Lomond. It had been the home of the Barons of Culcreuch since 1699. In the 1980s the castle was converted into a hotel, which it was run as until early 2020 when it was closed to the public by the American owners thus ending over 700 years of history. It had been until January 2020 one of the most continually inhabited Castles in Central Scotland.
Bribie Island Coaches was an Australian bus operator on Bribie Island. It operated five services under contract to the Government of Queensland under the Translink banner. In July 2020 the business was purchased by Caboolture Bus Lines and the brand retired.
Souaré is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Ahmed Tidiane Souaré (born 1951), Guinean political figure
Baba Souare (born 1999), Swiss footballer
Cheick Souaré (born 2002), French footballer
Ibrahima Sory Souare (born 1982), Guinean footballer
Mamadi Souaré (born 1971), Guinean football manager
Moussa Souare (born 1998), Guinean footballer
Pape Souaré (born 1990), Senegalese footballer
Sékou Tidiane Souaré (born 1983), Ivorian footballer
Adetus vanduzeei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Linsley in 1934.
Chic is a nickname often associated with people named Charles. Notable people with this nickname include the following:
Mercy is the first solo album by Steve Jones, formerly of the Sex Pistols. Released in 1987, the album was mainly produced by Bob Rose, with Jones co-producing and Paul Lani producing one track. The recording line-up consisted of Jones on vocals, guitar and bass, keyboardists Bob Rose and Kevin Savigar, and drummers Mickey Curry and Jim Keltner.
The album's single "Mercy" was used in the Miami Vice episode "Stone's War" and was also featured on the Miami Vice II soundtrack album. The song "With You or Without You" was used on the soundtrack for Jonathan Demme's 1986 film Something Wild. The track "Raining in My Heart" was originally recorded as "When Dreaming Fails", a 1985 demo with Iggy Pop recorded at Olivier Ferrand's home studio in Hancock Park, Los Angeles.
Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories is a collection of stories by American writer Samuel R. Delany, published by Vintage Books in 2003. The book is closely based on an earlier collection, Driftglass, which first appeared in 1971. The ten stories contained in Driftglass are all contained in Aye, and Gomorrah, along with five other stories ("Omegahelm", "Among the Blobs", "Tapestry", "Prismatica", "Ruins"). The stories consist of ten science fiction stories, in the order the writer wrote them, followed by five fantasies, also in chronological order.
When the 1971 collection was put together, Delany and his editor gave serious thought to calling it Aye, and Gomorrah, instead of Driftglass. The title story had won Delany his third Nebula Award—this one for best short story of 1967—so that using it to title his first collection would have seemed a reasonable choice. But New American Library, the initial contractors for the book (who had licensed it to the Science Fiction Book Club for a hardcover edition that would appear four months before their Signet paperback), decided they did not want a title that pushed any of the homosexual implications in the stories.
Of the Delany stories that are not included in this book, two are collaborations. One was written with Harlan Ellison: “The Power of the Nail,” contained in Ellison’s collection of collaborations Partners in Wonder. The other is a page-long prose poem, “The Dying Castles,” which appeared in a 1968 issue of the British SF magazine New Worlds (#200), as under the joint authorship of  James Sallis, Samuel R. Delany, and Michael Moorcock. (Several times Delany has said that he has no memory of having written any part of it; and he has assumed the use of his name among the authors was a jape.) Another story not included here is a slightly longer piece called “The Desert of Time,” which was commissioned by Omni Magazine to accompany an illustration in the late 1980s. Also missing from this volume are the stories that are included in Delany’s four-volume Return to Nevèrÿon series, stories published after this volume was released in 2003, and several other stories.
Arylacetamide deacetylase is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the AADAC gene.
Microsomal arylacetamide deacetylase competes against the activity of cytosolic arylamine N-acetyltransferase, which catalyzes one of the initial biotransformation pathways for arylamine and heterocyclic amine carcinogens.
Jani Lane (born John Kennedy Oswald; February 1, 1964 – August 11, 2011) was an American singer and the lead vocalist, frontman, lyricist and main songwriter for the glam metal band Warrant. From Hollywood, California, the band experienced success from 1989 to 1996 with five albums reaching international sales of over 10 million. Lane left Warrant in 2004 and again in 2008 after a brief reunion. Lane also released a solo album, Back Down to One, in 2003, and the album Love the Sin, Hate the Sinner with a new group, Saints of the Underground, in 2008. Lane contributed lead vocals and songwriting to various projects throughout his career.
Sherif Girgis is an associate professor of law at the University of Notre Dame with expertise in criminal law, constitutional law, constitutional theory, the intersection of law and religion, and philosophy of law. Girgis teaches courses in criminal law, jurisprudence, and constitutional law. He has served as a professor at Notre Dame since 2021.
Girgis previously practiced appellate and complex civil litigation at Jones Day in Washington D.C. He also clerked for Justice Samuel Alito of the United States Supreme Court as well as Judge Thomas Griffith of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
KOHM is a class A radio station broadcasting out of Ridgecrest, California. It is licensed to Hispanic Target Media, Inc.
Mário Gentil Quina, GOIH (1 January 1930 – 8 September 2017) was a Portuguese sailor. He competed at the 1952, 1960, 1968 and 1972 Olympics. In 1952 he finished 17th in one-person dingy. In 1960 he won a silver medal in the star class, together with his brother José Manuel Quina; the brothers placed 17th at the 1968 Games. In 1972 he took part in the three-person keelboat event, together with his another brother Francisco Quina and finished 21st.
Quina mostly competed in the star class (doubles) and participated in seven world championships between 1953 and 1967. He won a bronze medal in this category at the 1965 European Championships.
The ichthys or ichthus (), from the Greek ikhthū́s (ἰχθύς, 1st cent. AD Koine Greek pronunciation: [ikʰˈtʰys], "fish") is (in its modern rendition) a symbol consisting of two intersecting arcs, the ends of the right side extending beyond the meeting point so as to resemble the profile of a fish. It has been speculated that the symbol was adopted by early Christians as a secret symbol; a shibboleth to determine if another was indeed Christian. It is now known colloquially as the "Jesus fish".
Jason W. Neyers is a Canadian legal scholar and professor at the University of Western Ontario.
The Canon EF 90–300mm f/4.5–5.6 lens is a telephoto zoom lens for Canon EOS single-lens reflex cameras with an EF lens mount. There have been two versions available: one with and one without USM.
Ruckcroft is a hamlet in the English county of Cumbria. It neighbours the larger settlements of Armathwaite and Ainstable. In the past Ruckcroft had a pub but this is now a private home.
The Summit Media Group Inc. was an American New York City based subsidiary of 4Kids Entertainment, and formerly of Leisure Concepts. This subsidiary served print and broadcast media–planning and buying services for clients in the children's toy and game business. Summit was also a television syndication company which distributed a number of children's TV shows for syndication.
Make Your Move is the fifth album by the American duo Captain & Tennille. Released in 1979, the album includes the #1 hit single "Do That to Me One More Time". The album was certified Gold by the RIAA. It is their first album on Casablanca Records.
The song "Happy Together (A Fantasy)" is a cover of the 1967 number 1 hit "Happy Together" by the Turtles.


The 2024 United States presidential election in Arizona is scheduled to take place on Tuesday, November 5, 2024, as part of the 2024 United States elections in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia will participate. Arizona voters will choose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote. The state of Arizona has 11 electoral votes in the Electoral College, following reapportionment due to the 2020 United States census in which the state neither gained nor lost a seat. Arizona is considered to be a crucial swing state in 2024.
Incumbent Democratic president Joe Biden was running for reelection to a second term, and became the party's presumptive nominee. However, following what was widely viewed as a poor performance in the June 2024 presidential debate and amid increasing age and health concerns from within his party, he withdrew from the race on July 21 and endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris (from neighboring California), who launched her presidential campaign the same day.
The Republican nominee is former president Donald Trump. This race is considered to be a tossup, or narrowly favoring Trump, given the state's nearly even partisan lean. Formerly a moderately red state in the American Southwest, Trump won Arizona in 2016 by 3.5%, a major drop in margin of Republican victory in the traditional GOP stronghold compared to previous cycles, despite an overall more favorable year for Republicans than the previous two presidential elections. Biden narrowly won in Arizona in 2020 by 0.3%. The state is now considered a purple state.
Attorney Robert F. Kennedy Jr. had gathered enough signatures to appear on the ballot. Kennedy’s petition has been withdrawn, and he will not be on the ballot in Arizona.


Les Méchants Maquereaux (translated:The Naughty/Evil Mackerels or Pimps, a pun in French) are an Acadian musical group originating from New Brunswick.  The band formed in 1992 with locals Johnny Comeau, Roland Gauvin, and Cayouche with Louisiana's Zachary Richard. In 1995, they won the East Coast Music Award for Acadian Recording Artist of the Year.
Åbyskov is a small town located on the island of Funen in south-central Denmark, in Svendborg Municipality. It is five kilometers southeast of Skårup and 10 kilometers east of Svendborg.
"Sideways" is a song written by American artist Clarence Greenwood, who is known by the pseudonym Citizen Cope. Although the song has never charted, it has been widely featured in pop culture. The song was included on Santana's 2002 album Shaman. Citizen Cope then included it in his 2004 album, The Clarence Greenwood Recordings. It has since been covered by Sheryl Crow, John Mayer, and Tyler James. It achieved gold RIAA certification in 2019.
Arta epicoenalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Arta. It was described by Ragonot, in 1891, and is known from the United States, where it is found from California to Texas and Oklahoma.
Catiuscia Marini (born 25 September 1967) is an Italian politician and manager. She was president of Umbria from 2010 to 2019. She has been the manager of Legacoop since 2007.
The Laird School of Art was a school of art situated on Park Road North, Birkenhead, Merseyside, England, overlooking Birkenhead Park. It was the first public school of art outside London and was given to the town by John Laird. The school opened on 27 September 1871 and was closed in 1980 when it merged with the Birkenhead College of Technology, formerly situated on Borough Road. The building on Park Road North is used as the John Laird Centre.
Mor Dogo Thiam (born 22 May 1941) is a Senegalese musician, cultural historian, and entertainment consultant. His surname is pronounced "Chahm".
The Classic Tetris World Championship (CTWC) is a video game competition series, hosted by the Socal Gaming Expo. The competition launched in 2010, during the filming of Ecstasy of Order: The Tetris Masters, to determine the world's greatest Tetris player. In its first two years, the competition was held in Los Angeles, California, but was moved to Portland, Oregon, in 2012, and was held there annually through 2023 (with the exceptions of the 2020 and 2021 tournaments, held online due to the COVID-19 pandemic). The 2024 edition has been held in Pasadena, California.
The contestants play the 1989 Nintendo version of Tetris on Nintendo Entertainment System consoles and cathode-ray tube (CRT) video displays. All of the tournaments are streamed online with live-edited screens and heads-up display to improve viewer experience. The tournament was initially dominated by Jonas Neubauer, who reached the finals in the first nine iterations of the tournament and won seven titles.
All Wound Up... is the debut album by American rock band Godsmack. It was released independently through the band's own record label, E. K. Records Company, in February 1997. The album was pressed four different times before being picked up by Republic Records/Universal Records in June 1998. It was slightly edited and remixed (with some unlicensed samples removed), fully remastered and given a new artwork and layout, and re-released by the major record labels as Godsmack in August 1998. The band never considered this to be a demo release; they considered it the same release as Godsmack.
Bruno & Marrone are a Brazilian sertanejo duo from Goiânia, formed in 1988 by singers Bruno (vocals and guitar) and Marrone (vocals, guitar and accordion).
Bruno (b. Vinicius Felix de Miranda, 1969) performed for a decade as a solo musician before approaching Leandro e Leonardo for help finding a partner. They introduced him to Marrone (b. José Roberto Ferreira, 1964), a concertina player. Their debut was released by Warner Records in 1995; they have enjoyed a successful and prolific career since then, releasing more than one album per year. In 2002, they won a Latin Grammy for their DVD release.
Pristobaeus is a genus of jumping spiders that was first described by Eugène Louis Simon in 1902.
Badminton England is the national governing body for the sport of badminton in England.  It aims to govern, encourage and develop the sport throughout England.
Originally established in 1893 as the Badminton Association of England in Portsmouth,  the association is now based in Milton Keynes and has departments for Elite Play, Events, Membership, Development and Coaching.  It closely liaises with the 41 Counties of England to provide support to the club and league structures.
The body was a founding member of the International Badminton Federation, since renamed to Badminton World Federation (BWF), which is the international governing body for the sport.
Blaževci is a village in the municipalities of Teslić (Republika Srpska) and Tešanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Natela Dzalamidze and Veronika Kudermetova were the defending champions, but Dzalamidze chose not to participate. Kudermetova successfully defended her title, this time alongside Aryna Sabalenka, defeating Monique Adamczak and Naomi Broady 2–6, 7–6(7–5), [10–6] in the final.
Daniel Gibson is an American politician. He is a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from the 12th District. He is a member of the Republican party.
